diseaseID	diseaseName	EFO	description	description_ch
C0000833	Abscess	EFO_0003030	An abscess (Latin: abscessus) is a collection of pus that has built up within the tissue of the body. Signs and symptoms of abscesses include: redness, pain, warmth, and swelling that when pressed feels like it is fluid filled.[1] The area of redness often extends beyond the swelling. Carbuncles and furuncles are types of abscess that often involves hair follicles with carbuncles being larger	脓肿（拉丁语：脓肿）是一家集脓已建立在身体组织。脓肿的症状和体征包括：发红，疼痛，温暖和肿胀，当按压时感觉像是液体填充。[ 1 ]发红的区域通常超出肿胀。Carbuncles和疖是脓肿通常包括毛囊痈大类型
C0001122	Acidosis	EFO_1000014	An abnormally high acidity of the blood and other body tissues. Acidosis can be either respiratory or metabolic	血液和其他身体组织的异常高酸度。酸中毒可以是呼吸性的，也可以是代谢性的。
C0702166	Acne	EFO_0003894	A chronic disorder of the pilosebaceous apparatus associated with an increase in sebum secretion. It is characterized by open comedones (blackheads), closed comedones (whiteheads), and pustular nodules. The cause is unknown, but heredity and age are predisposing factors.	一种慢性疾病，与皮脂分泌增多有关的毛囊皮脂腺的装置。它的特点是开放式粉刺（黑头）、封闭式粉刺（白头），和脓疱结节。原因不明，但遗传和年龄是诱发因素。
C1510455	Acrocephalosyndactylia	EFO_0004123	A synostosis that results in craniosynostosis and syndactyly.	一个连接，结果在颅缝早闭和畸形。
C0001080	Achondroplasia	EFO_0004121	.	.
C0001206	Acromegaly	EFO_1001485	Acromegaly is an acquired disorder related to excessive production of growth hormone (GH) and characterized by progressive somatic disfigurement (mainly involving the face and extremities) and systemic manifestations.	肢端肥大症是一种获得性疾病对生长激素（GH）和过度生产相关的特征是进行性体缺陷（主要累及面部、四肢及全身表现）。
C0001261	Actinomycosis	EFO_0007128	A commensal bacterial infectious disease that results_in infection, which is characterized by contiguous spread, suppurative and granulomatous inflammation, and formation of multiple abscesses and sinus tracts that may discharge sulfur granules, has_material_basis_in Actinomyces israelii, has_material_basis_in Actinomyces gerencseriae, has_material_basis_in Actinomyces naeslundii, has_material_basis_in Actinomyces odontolyticus, has_material_basis_in Actinomyces viscosus, has_material_basis_in Actinomyces meyeri, has_material_basis_in Propionibacterium propionicum, which require a break in the integrity of the mucous membranes and the presence of devitalized tissue to invade deeper body structures.	共生细菌性传染病，results_in感染，其特点是连续蔓延，化脓性肉芽肿性炎症，多发性脓肿和窦道，可排放硫颗粒的形成，has_material_basis_in衣氏放线菌、放线菌gerencseriae has_material_basis_in has_material_basis_in，内氏放线菌，has_material_basis_in龋齿放线菌，has_material_basis_in粘性放线菌、放线菌has_material_basis_in白，has_material_basis_in丙酸propionicum，这需要在粘膜的完整性破坏和失活组织的存在侵入更深的身体结构。
C0001418	Adenocarcinoma	EFO_0000228	A type of carcinoma derived from glandular tissue or in which tumor cells form recognizable glandular structures., A malignant epithelial tumor with a glandular organization.	腺癌由腺组织或肿瘤细胞形成可辨认的腺结构的一种癌，一种腺组织的恶性上皮肿瘤。
C0001429	Adenolymphoma	EFO_1000625	An adenoma characterized by an oncocytic, often papillary, epithelial component, dense lymphoid stroma, and cystic spaces. It occurs primarily in the parotid gland, and is the second most common benign parotid salivary gland tumor. A strong association with smoking has been reported. It typically presents as a painless swelling in the lower portion of the parotid gland.	腺瘤的特征的细胞，常呈乳头状，上皮成分，密集的淋巴样间质，和囊性空间。它主要发生在腮腺，是第二个最常见的良性腮腺唾液腺肿瘤。据报道，与吸烟有着密切的联系。它通常表现为腮腺下部的无痛性肿胀。
C0001422	Adenofibroma	EFO_1000070	A benign neoplasm characterized by the presence of connective tissue stroma and epithelial structures. It occurs in the ovary, fallopian tube, uterine corpus, and cervix. Cases of adenofibroma of the ovary with low grade malignant potential have also been reported.	一种良性肿瘤，以结缔组织间质和上皮结构为特征。它发生在卵巢、输卵管、子宫体和子宫颈。对低度恶性潜能的卵巢纤维瘤的病例也有报道。
C0001430	Adenoma	EFO_0000232	A neoplasm arising from the epithelium.  It may be encapsulated or non-encapsulated but non-invasive.  The neoplastic epithelial cells may or may not display cellular atypia or dysplasia.  In the gastrointestinal tract, when dysplasia becomes severe it is sometimes called carcinoma in situ.  Representative examples are pituitary gland adenoma, follicular adenoma of the thyroid gland, and adenomas (or adenomatous polyps) of the gastrointestinal tract.	由上皮产生的肿瘤。它可以是封装的，也可以是非封装的，但可以是非侵入式的。肿瘤上皮细胞可能会或可能不会显示细胞异型性或发育不良。在胃肠道，当发育不良变得严重时，有时称为原位癌。典型的例子是垂体腺瘤、甲状腺滤泡状腺瘤、胃肠道腺瘤（或腺瘤性息肉）。
C0026987	Myelofibrosis	EFO_0002430	Primary myelofibrosis is a condition characterized by the buildup of scar tissue (fibrosis) in the bone marrow, the tissue that produces blood cells. Because of the fibrosis, the bone marrow is unable to make enough normal blood cells. The shortage of blood cells causes many of the signs and symptoms of primary myelofibrosis.	原发性骨髓纤维化是一种以疤痕组织的形成条件（纤维化）在骨髓产生血细胞组织。由于纤维化，骨髓无法产生足够的正常血细胞。血细胞的短缺导致许多的症状和原发性骨髓纤维化症状。
C0001442	Adenosarcoma	EFO_0007134	A carcinosarcoma that derives_from simultaneously or consecutively in mesodermal tissue and glandular epithelium.	癌肉瘤，derives_from同时或连续在中胚层组织和腺上皮。
C0029456	Osteoporosis	EFO_0003882	Reduction of bone mass without alteration in the composition of bone, leading to fractures. Primary osteoporosis can be of two major types: postmenopausal osteoporosis (OSTEOPOROSIS, POSTMENOPAUSAL) and age-related or senile osteoporosis.	骨量减少，骨成分无改变，导致骨折。原发性骨质疏松可分为两类：绝经后骨质疏松症（骨质疏松症、绝经后）和老年性或老年性骨质疏松症。
C0001816	Agnosia	EFO_0007136	A communication disorder that is a loss of ability to recognize objects, persons, sounds, shapes, or smells while the specific sense is not defective nor is there any significant memory loss.	一种交流障碍，是一种辨别物体、人、声音、形状或气味的能力的丧失，而特定的感觉没有缺陷，也没有显著的记忆力丧失。
C0001818	Agoraphobia	EFO_1001872	A phobic disorder involving the specific anxiety about being in a place or situation where escape is difficult or embarrassing or where help may be unavailable.	一个恐怖障碍涉及到特定的焦虑在一个地方或情形，逃避困难或尴尬或帮助的地方可能不可用。
C0002018	Alexia	EFO_0005424	A learning disorder characterized by an impairment in processing written words. Reading difficulties can include distortions, omissions or substitutions of characters. Oral and silent reading difficulties can include faulty and slow comprehension.	一种学习障碍，以书面文字的处理为特征。阅读困难包括字符的扭曲、遗漏或替换。口语和默读困难包括错误和缓慢的理解。
C0001925	Albuminuria	EFO_0004285	The presence of albumin in the urine, an indicator of KIDNEY DISEASES.	尿中白蛋白的存在，肾脏疾病的指示器。
C0002438	Amebiasis	EFO_0007144	A parasitic protozoa infectious disease that involves infection caused by the amoeba Entamoeba histolytica. Amebic invasion of the intestinal lining causes dysentery, colitis or diarrhea. The infection can also spread through the blood to the liver and, rarely, to the lungs, brain or other organs.	寄生原生动物的传染病，包括变形虫阿米巴感染。对肠道阿米巴入侵导致痢疾、肠炎、腹泻。感染也可以通过血液传播到肝脏，很少传播到肺部、大脑或其他器官。
C0476254	Dyslexia	EFO_0005424	A learning disorder characterized by an impairment in processing written words. Reading difficulties can include distortions, omissions or substitutions of characters. Oral and silent reading difficulties can include faulty and slow comprehension.	一种学习障碍，以书面文字的处理为特征。阅读困难包括字符的扭曲、遗漏或替换。口语和默读困难包括错误和缓慢的理解。
C0002622	Amnesia	EFO_0001072	.	.
C0238621	Aminoaciduria	EFO_1001149	A group of inherited kidney disorders characterized by the abnormally elevated levels of AMINO ACIDS in URINE. Genetic mutations of transport proteins result in the defective reabsorption of free amino acids at the PROXIMAL RENAL TUBULES. Renal aminoaciduria are classified by the specific amino acid or acids involved.	一组遗传性肾脏疾病，其特征是尿液中氨基酸含量异常升高。运输蛋白的基因突变导致了近端肾小管游离氨基酸的重吸收缺陷。肾性氨基酸尿是被特定的氨基酸或氨基酸参与。
C0002622	Amnesia	EFO_1001454	Pathologic partial or complete loss of the ability to recall past experiences ( AMNESIA, RETROGRADE) or to form new memories ( AMNESIA, ANTEROGRADE). This condition may be of organic or psychologic origin. Organic forms of amnesia are usually associated with dysfunction of the DIENCEPHALON or HIPPOCAMPUS. (From Adams et al., Principles of Neurology, 6th ed, pp426-7)	病理部分或完全丧失回忆过去经历的能力（健忘症、逆行）或形成新的记忆（健忘症、顺行）。这种情况可能是有机的或心理的。失忆的有机形式通常与间脑海马功能障碍有关。（亚当斯et al.，神经病学原理，第六版，pp426-7）
C0002871	Anemia	EFO_0004272	A reduction in the number of circulating erythrocytes or in the quantity of hemoglobin.	循环红细胞数量或血红蛋白数量的减少。
C0002726	Amyloidosis	EFO_1001875	A disorder characterized by the localized or diffuse accumulation of amyloid protein in various anatomic sites. It may be primary, due to clonal plasma cell proliferations; secondary, due to long standing infections, chronic inflammatory disorders, or malignancies; or familial. It may affect the nerves, skin, tongue, joints, heart, liver, spleen, kidneys and adrenal glands.	淀粉样蛋白在不同解剖部位局部或弥漫性聚集的一种疾病。这可能是主要的，由于克隆性浆细胞增生；第二，由于长期感染、慢性炎症性疾病，或恶性肿瘤；或家族。它可能影响神经、皮肤、舌头、关节、心脏、肝脏、脾脏、肾脏和肾上腺。
C1509147	Histiocytoma	EFO_0005561	A neoplasm consisting of histiocytes. Forms include BENIGN FIBROUS HISTIOCYTOMA; and MALIGNANT FIBROUS HISTIOCYTOMA (MeSH)	A neoplasm consisting of histiocytes. 形式包括良性纤维组织细胞瘤；恶性纤维组织细胞瘤（网）
C0002994	Angioedema	EFO_0005532	condition similar to urticarai but with swelling occuring in a lower layer of the dermis as well as in the subcutis	类似的情况urticarai但肿胀发生在下层的真皮和皮下组织
C0003076	Aniridia	EFO_0004132	.	.
C0003165	Anthracosis	EFO_1000814	A diffuse parenchymal lung disease caused by accumulation of inhaled CARBON or coal dust. The disease can progress from asymptomatic anthracosis to massive lung fibrosis. This lung lesion usually occurs in coal MINERS, but can be seen in urban dwellers and tobacco smokers.	由于吸入的碳或煤尘积聚而导致的弥漫性肺实质疾病。本病可无症状肺纤维化进展到大量煤尘。这种肺损害通常发生在煤矿工人身上，但在城市居民和吸烟者中都可以看到。
C0003467	Anxiety	EFO_0005230	Apprehension of danger and dread accompanied by restlessness, tension, tachycardia, and dyspnea unattached to a clearly identifiable stimulus.	对危险和恐惧的恐惧，伴随着不安、紧张、心动过速和呼吸困难，与清晰可辨的刺激无关。
C0003615	Appendicitis	EFO_0007149	A gastrointestinal system infectious disease that involves inflammation and infection of the appendix caused by the blockage of the lumen with a small, hard piece of stool, a foreign body or worms. Mucus backs up in the appendiceal lumen, causing bacteria that live inside the appendix to multiply. The infection has_symptom pain, in the upper abdomen initially and later in the lower abdomen, has_symptom nausea, has_symptom vomiting and has_symptom fever.	一种胃肠系统感染性疾病，包括由于小而硬的凳子、异物或蠕虫堵塞管腔而引起的阑尾发炎和感染。粘液淤积在阑尾管腔，导致生活在附录中繁殖细菌。感染has_symptom在上腹部疼痛，最初和后来的下腹部，has_symptom恶心，呕吐和发烧has_symptom has_symptom。
C0003864	Arthritis	EFO_0005856	Arthritis (from Greek arthro-, joint + -itis, inflammation; plural: arthritides) is a form of joint disorder that involves inflammation of one or more joints.	Arthritis (from Greek arthro-, joint + -itis, inflammation; plural: arthritides) is a form of joint disorder that involves inflammation of one or more joints.
C0162323	Polyarthritis	EFO_0005856	Arthritis (from Greek arthro-, joint + -itis, inflammation; plural: arthritides) is a form of joint disorder that involves inflammation of one or more joints.	关节炎（从希腊的关节，关节+是炎症；复数：关节炎）是一个包括一个或多个关节炎关节紊乱形式。
C0003949	Asbestosis	EFO_0007153	A pneumoconiosis caused by inhalation and retention of asbestos fibers.	吸入和保留石棉纤维引起的尘肺。
C0003886	Arthrogryposis	EFO_0003857	Persistent flexure or contracture of a joint. (Dorland, 27th ed)	关节的持续弯曲或挛缩。（Dorland，第二十七版）
C0003950	Ascariasis	EFO_0007154	A parasitic helminthiasis infectious disease that involves infection of the intestine with the nematode Ascaris lumbricoides. Larvae migrating through the lungs cause cough, wheezing and hemoptysis. Bowel or biliary obstruction causes cramping abdominal pain, nausea, and vomiting. Peritonitis, enlargement of the liver or spleen, toxicity and pneumonia are observed when larvae get into the portal circulation.	寄生蠕虫病的传染病，包括与线虫蛔虫感染肠道。幼虫通过肺部迁移引起咳嗽、喘息和咯血。肠或胆道梗阻引起腹痛、恶心和呕吐。幼虫进入门脉循环时，观察到腹膜炎、肝、脾肿大、毒性和肺炎。
C0004093	Asthenia	EFO_0007625	Clinical sign or symptom manifested as debility, or lack or loss of strength and energy.	临床体征或症状表现为乏力，或缺乏或丧失强度和能量。
C0004030	Aspergillosis	EFO_0007157	An opportunistic mycosis that involves a spectrum of diseases of humans and animals caused by members of the genus Aspergillus infecting lungs, brain, kidney,heart, bone, eyes, sinuses, skin and gastrointestinal tract. It is a serious illnesses in people with a weakened immune system.	一种机会性真菌病，由人曲霉引起的人和动物的疾病引起，感染肺、脑、肾、心脏、骨骼、眼睛、鼻窦、皮肤和胃肠道。这是免疫力低下的人的严重疾病。
C0036474	Scurvy	EFO_1000822	A condition due to a dietary deficiency of ascorbic acid (vitamin C), characterized by malaise, lethargy, and weakness. As the disease progresses, joints, muscles, and subcutaneous tissues may become the sites of hemorrhage. Ascorbic acid deficiency frequently develops into SCURVY in young children fed unsupplemented cow's milk exclusively during their first year. It develops also commonly in chronic alcoholism. (Cecil Textbook of Medicine, 19th ed, p1177)	由于缺乏维生素C（维生素C）而导致的不适、嗜睡和虚弱的状态。随着病情的发展，关节、肌肉和皮下组织可能成为出血部位。抗坏血酸缺乏经常发展成儿童喂养未添加牛奶只在第一年的坏血病。它在慢性酒精中毒中也普遍存在。（塞西尔的医学教科书，第十九版，p1177）
C0004106	Astigmatism	EFO_0004222	Unequal curvature of the refractive surfaces of the eye. Thus a point source of light cannot be brought to a point focus on the retina but is spread over a more or less diffuse area. This results from the radius of curvature in one plane being longer or shorter than the radius at right angles to it. (Dorland, 27th ed).	眼睛屈光表面的不等曲率。因此，点光源不能被带到视网膜上的焦点上，而是扩散到一个或多或少的扩散区域。这是因为一个平面的曲率半径比半径的半径长或短。（Dorland，第二十七版）。
C0004096	Asthma	EFO_0000270	A bronchial disease that is characterized by chronic inflammation and narrowing of the airways, which is caused by a combination of environmental and genetic factors resulting in recurring periods of wheezing (a whistling sound while breathing), chest tightness, shortness of breath, mucus production and coughing. The symptoms appear due to a variety of triggers such as allergens, irritants, respiratory infections, weather changes, excercise, stress, reflux disease, medications, foods and emotional anxiety., A chronic respiratory disease manifested as difficulty breathing due to the narrowing of bronchial passageways., A form of bronchial disorder with three distinct components: airway hyper-responsiveness (RESPIRATORY HYPERSENSITIVITY), airway INFLAMMATION, and intermittent AIRWAY OBSTRUCTION. It is characterized by spasmodic contraction of airway smooth muscle, WHEEZING, and dyspnea (DYSPNEA, PAROXYSMAL)., Tendency of the smooth muscle of the tracheobronchial tree to contract more intensely in response to a given stimulus than it does in the response seen in normal individuals. This condition is present in virtually all symptomatic patients with asthma. The most prominent manifestation of this smooth muscle contraction is a decrease in airway caliber that can be readily measured in the pulmonary function laboratory.	一种以慢性炎症和气道狭窄为特征的支气管疾病，由环境和遗传因素综合而成，导致反复发作的喘息期（呼吸时发出口哨声）、胸闷、气短、粘液分泌和咳嗽。症状出现由于各种诱因如过敏原、刺激物、呼吸道感染、天气变化、运动、应力、反流病、药物、食物和情绪焦虑，一种慢性呼吸道疾病，表现为呼吸困难由于支气管通道狭窄，三个不同的组成部分构成：气管支气管疾病高反应性（呼吸道过敏），气道炎症，气道阻塞和间歇。它的特点是气道平滑肌痉挛性收缩，喘息，呼吸困难（呼吸困难、PAROXYSMAL），对支气管平滑肌的倾向，在一个给定的刺激比正常人看到的反应更强烈的合同。几乎所有有症状的哮喘患者都存在这种情况。这种平滑肌收缩最显著的表现是气道直径的减少，肺功能实验室可以很容易地测量气道直径。
C0004114	Astrocytoma	EFO_0000271	A glial tumor of the brain or spinal cord showing astrocytic differentiation.  It includes the following clinicopathological entities: pilocytic astrocytoma, diffuse astrocytoma, anaplastic astrocytoma, pleomorphic xanthoastrocytoma, subependymal giant cell astrocytoma, and glioblastoma., Neoplasms of the brain and spinal cord derived from glial cells which vary from histologically benign forms to highly anaplastic and malignant tumors. Fibrillary astrocytomas are the most common type and may be classified in order of increasing malignancy (grades I through IV). In the first two decades of life, astrocytomas tend to originate in the cerebellar hemispheres; in adults, they most frequently arise in the cerebrum and frequently undergo malignant transformation. (From Devita et al., Cancer: Principles and Practice of Oncology, 5th ed, pp2013-7; Holland et al., Cancer Medicine, 3d ed, p1082)	脑或脊髓的胶质瘤，显示星形细胞分化。它包括以下临床病理实体：毛细胞型星形细胞瘤，弥漫性星形细胞瘤、间变性星形细胞瘤、星形细胞瘤、室管膜下巨细胞星形细胞瘤和胶质母细胞瘤，脑和脊髓的来自于神经胶质细胞由良性和恶性肿瘤形成的高度未分化肿瘤。纤维性星形细胞瘤是最常见的类型，可按恶性程度增加而分类（I级至IV级）。在最初的二十年中，星形细胞瘤往往起源于小脑半球；在成人中，它们最常出现在大脑中，经常发生恶性转化。（从德维塔et al.，癌肿瘤：原理与实践，第五版，pp2013-7；荷兰et al.，癌症药物，3版，p1082）
C0004114	Astrocytoma	EFO_0000272	Neoplasms of the brain and spinal cord derived from glial cells which vary from histologically benign forms to highly anaplastic and malignant tumors. Fibrillary astrocytomas are the most common type and may be classified in order of increasing malignancy (grades I through IV). In the first two decades of life, astrocytomas tend to originate in the cerebellar hemispheres; in adults, they most frequently arise in the cerebrum and frequently undergo malignant transformation (MeSH)., A glial tumor of the brain or spinal cord showing astrocytic differentiation.  It includes the following clinicopathological entities: pilocytic astrocytoma, diffuse astrocytoma, anaplastic astrocytoma, pleomorphic xanthoastrocytoma, subependymal giant cell astrocytoma, and glioblastoma., Neoplasms of the brain and spinal cord derived from glial cells which vary from histologically benign forms to highly anaplastic and malignant tumors. Fibrillary astrocytomas are the most common type and may be classified in order of increasing malignancy (grades I through IV). In the first two decades of life, astrocytomas tend to originate in the cerebellar hemispheres; in adults, they most frequently arise in the cerebrum and frequently undergo malignant transformation. (From Devita et al., Cancer: Principles and Practice of Oncology, 5th ed, pp2013-7; Holland et al., Cancer Medicine, 3d ed, p1082)	神经胶质细胞来源于神经胶质细胞的肿瘤，从组织学良性形态到高度未分化和恶性肿瘤。纤维性星形细胞瘤是最常见的类型，可按恶性程度增加而分类（I级至IV级）。在最初的二十年中，星形细胞瘤往往起源于小脑半球；在成人中，它们最常出现在大脑中，经常发生恶性转化（网状），脑或脊髓的胶质瘤表现为星形细胞分化。它包括以下临床病理实体：毛细胞型星形细胞瘤，弥漫性星形细胞瘤、间变性星形细胞瘤、星形细胞瘤、室管膜下巨细胞星形细胞瘤和胶质母细胞瘤，脑和脊髓的来自于神经胶质细胞由良性和恶性肿瘤形成的高度未分化肿瘤。纤维性星形细胞瘤是最常见的类型，可按恶性程度增加而分类（I级至IV级）。在最初的二十年中，星形细胞瘤往往起源于小脑半球；在成人中，它们最常出现在大脑中，经常发生恶性转化。（从德维塔et al.，癌肿瘤：原理与实践，第五版，pp2013-7；荷兰et al.，癌症药物，3版，p1082）
C0004114	Astrocytoma	EFO_0000519	The most malignant astrocytic tumor (WHO grade IV).  It is composed of poorly differentiated neoplastic astrocytes and it is characterized by the presence of cellular polymorphism, nuclear atypia, brisk mitotic activity, vascular thrombosis, microvascular proliferation and necrosis. It typically affects adults and is preferentially located in the cerebral hemispheres. It may develop from diffuse astrocytoma WHO grade II or anaplastic astrocytoma (secondary glioblastoma), but more frequently, it manifests after a short clinical history de novo, without evidence of a less malignant precursor lesion (primary glioblastoma). Two histologic variants are recognized: giant cell glioblastoma and gliosarcoma. (WHO), Glial cell derived tumors arising from the optic nerve, usually presenting in childhood. Roughly 50% are associated with NEUROFIBROMATOSIS 1. Clinical manifestations include decreased visual acuity; EXOPHTHALMOS; NYSTAGMUS, PATHOLOGIC; STRABISMUS; pallor or swelling of the optic disc; and INTRACRANIAL HYPERTENSION. The tumor may extend into the optic chiasm and hypothalamus (MeSH)., A malignant form of astrocytoma histologically characterized by pleomorphism of cells, nuclear atypia, microhemorrhage, and necrosis. They may arise in any region of the central nervous system, with a predilection for the cerebral hemispheres, basal ganglia, and commissural pathways. Clinical presentation most frequently occurs in the fifth or sixth decade of life with focal neurologic signs or seizures., A malignant form of astrocytoma histologically characterized by pleomorphism of cells, nuclear atypia, microhemorrhage, and necrosis. They may arise in any region of the central nervous system, with a predilection for the cerebral hemispheres, basal ganglia, and commissural pathways. Clinical presentation most frequently occurs in the fifth or sixth decade of life with focal neurologic signs or seizures (MeSH).	最恶性星形细胞瘤（WHOⅣ级）。它是由低分化肿瘤性星形胶质细胞，它的特点是细胞多形性，核异型性的存在，活跃的有丝分裂活性，血管血栓形成，微血管增生和坏死。它通常影响成人，优先位于大脑半球。它可能来自弥漫性星形细胞瘤，二级或间变性星形细胞瘤（继发性胶质母细胞瘤），但更频繁的是，它体现在一个短的临床历史从头，没有证据较少恶性前病变（原发性胶质母细胞瘤）。2组织学变异出巨细胞胶质母细胞瘤和胶质肉瘤。（WHO）由视神经引起的胶质细胞源性肿瘤，通常出现于儿童期。约50%与神经纤维瘤病1有关。临床表现为视力下降；眼球突出；眼震，病理性；斜视；视盘的苍白或肿胀、颅内高压。肿瘤可扩展到视交叉下丘脑（网格），恶性星形细胞瘤的病理特点是形成多形性细胞，核异型性，少量出血，坏死。他们可能在任何区域的中枢神经系统时，一个大脑半球、好发基底神经节和连合的途径。临床表现最常见的发生在生命的第五或第六年的局灶性神经体征或癫痫发作，恶性星形细胞瘤的病理特点形成多形性细胞，核异型性，少量出血，坏死。他们可能在任何区域的中枢神经系统时，一个大脑半球、好发基底神经节和连合的途径。临床表现最常见于第五、第六个十年，伴有局灶性神经体征或癫痫发作（网状）。
C0014474	Ependymoma	EFO_0000519	The most malignant astrocytic tumor (WHO grade IV).  It is composed of poorly differentiated neoplastic astrocytes and it is characterized by the presence of cellular polymorphism, nuclear atypia, brisk mitotic activity, vascular thrombosis, microvascular proliferation and necrosis. It typically affects adults and is preferentially located in the cerebral hemispheres. It may develop from diffuse astrocytoma WHO grade II or anaplastic astrocytoma (secondary glioblastoma), but more frequently, it manifests after a short clinical history de novo, without evidence of a less malignant precursor lesion (primary glioblastoma). Two histologic variants are recognized: giant cell glioblastoma and gliosarcoma. (WHO), Glial cell derived tumors arising from the optic nerve, usually presenting in childhood. Roughly 50% are associated with NEUROFIBROMATOSIS 1. Clinical manifestations include decreased visual acuity; EXOPHTHALMOS; NYSTAGMUS, PATHOLOGIC; STRABISMUS; pallor or swelling of the optic disc; and INTRACRANIAL HYPERTENSION. The tumor may extend into the optic chiasm and hypothalamus (MeSH)., A malignant form of astrocytoma histologically characterized by pleomorphism of cells, nuclear atypia, microhemorrhage, and necrosis. They may arise in any region of the central nervous system, with a predilection for the cerebral hemispheres, basal ganglia, and commissural pathways. Clinical presentation most frequently occurs in the fifth or sixth decade of life with focal neurologic signs or seizures., A malignant form of astrocytoma histologically characterized by pleomorphism of cells, nuclear atypia, microhemorrhage, and necrosis. They may arise in any region of the central nervous system, with a predilection for the cerebral hemispheres, basal ganglia, and commissural pathways. Clinical presentation most frequently occurs in the fifth or sixth decade of life with focal neurologic signs or seizures (MeSH).	最恶性星形细胞瘤（WHOⅣ级）。它是由低分化肿瘤性星形胶质细胞，它的特点是细胞多形性，核异型性的存在，活跃的有丝分裂活性，血管血栓形成，微血管增生和坏死。它通常影响成人，优先位于大脑半球。它可能来自弥漫性星形细胞瘤，二级或间变性星形细胞瘤（继发性胶质母细胞瘤），但更频繁的是，它体现在一个短的临床历史从头，没有证据较少恶性前病变（原发性胶质母细胞瘤）。2组织学变异出巨细胞胶质母细胞瘤和胶质肉瘤。（WHO）由视神经引起的胶质细胞源性肿瘤，通常出现于儿童期。约50%与神经纤维瘤病1有关。临床表现为视力下降；眼球突出；眼震，病理性；斜视；视盘的苍白或肿胀、颅内高压。肿瘤可扩展到视交叉下丘脑（网格），恶性星形细胞瘤的病理特点是形成多形性细胞，核异型性，少量出血，坏死。他们可能在任何区域的中枢神经系统时，一个大脑半球、好发基底神经节和连合的途径。临床表现最常见的发生在生命的第五或第六年的局灶性神经体征或癫痫发作，恶性星形细胞瘤的病理特点形成多形性细胞，核异型性，少量出血，坏死。他们可能在任何区域的中枢神经系统时，一个大脑半球、好发基底神经节和连合的途径。临床表现最常见于第五、第六个十年，伴有局灶性神经体征或癫痫发作（网状）。
C0017636	Glioblastoma	EFO_0000519	The most malignant astrocytic tumor (WHO grade IV).  It is composed of poorly differentiated neoplastic astrocytes and it is characterized by the presence of cellular polymorphism, nuclear atypia, brisk mitotic activity, vascular thrombosis, microvascular proliferation and necrosis. It typically affects adults and is preferentially located in the cerebral hemispheres. It may develop from diffuse astrocytoma WHO grade II or anaplastic astrocytoma (secondary glioblastoma), but more frequently, it manifests after a short clinical history de novo, without evidence of a less malignant precursor lesion (primary glioblastoma). Two histologic variants are recognized: giant cell glioblastoma and gliosarcoma. (WHO), Glial cell derived tumors arising from the optic nerve, usually presenting in childhood. Roughly 50% are associated with NEUROFIBROMATOSIS 1. Clinical manifestations include decreased visual acuity; EXOPHTHALMOS; NYSTAGMUS, PATHOLOGIC; STRABISMUS; pallor or swelling of the optic disc; and INTRACRANIAL HYPERTENSION. The tumor may extend into the optic chiasm and hypothalamus (MeSH)., A malignant form of astrocytoma histologically characterized by pleomorphism of cells, nuclear atypia, microhemorrhage, and necrosis. They may arise in any region of the central nervous system, with a predilection for the cerebral hemispheres, basal ganglia, and commissural pathways. Clinical presentation most frequently occurs in the fifth or sixth decade of life with focal neurologic signs or seizures., A malignant form of astrocytoma histologically characterized by pleomorphism of cells, nuclear atypia, microhemorrhage, and necrosis. They may arise in any region of the central nervous system, with a predilection for the cerebral hemispheres, basal ganglia, and commissural pathways. Clinical presentation most frequently occurs in the fifth or sixth decade of life with focal neurologic signs or seizures (MeSH).	最恶性星形细胞瘤（WHOⅣ级）。它是由低分化肿瘤性星形胶质细胞，它的特点是细胞多形性，核异型性的存在，活跃的有丝分裂活性，血管血栓形成，微血管增生和坏死。它通常影响成人，优先位于大脑半球。它可能来自弥漫性星形细胞瘤，二级或间变性星形细胞瘤（继发性胶质母细胞瘤），但更频繁的是，它体现在一个短的临床历史从头，没有证据较少恶性前病变（原发性胶质母细胞瘤）。2组织学变异出巨细胞胶质母细胞瘤和胶质肉瘤。（WHO）由视神经引起的胶质细胞源性肿瘤，通常出现于儿童期。约50%与神经纤维瘤病1有关。临床表现为视力下降；眼球突出；眼震，病理性；斜视；视盘的苍白或肿胀、颅内高压。肿瘤可扩展到视交叉下丘脑（网格），恶性星形细胞瘤的病理特点是形成多形性细胞，核异型性，少量出血，坏死。他们可能在任何区域的中枢神经系统时，一个大脑半球、好发基底神经节和连合的途径。临床表现最常见的发生在生命的第五或第六年的局灶性神经体征或癫痫发作，恶性星形细胞瘤的病理特点形成多形性细胞，核异型性，少量出血，坏死。他们可能在任何区域的中枢神经系统时，一个大脑半球、好发基底神经节和连合的途径。临床表现最常见于第五、第六个十年，伴有局灶性神经体征或癫痫发作（网状）。
C0004114	Astrocytoma	EFO_0000632	A well-differentiated (WHO grade II), diffusely infiltrating neuroglial tumor of adults, typically located in the cerebral hemispheres.  It is composed predominantly of cells which morphologically resemble oligodendroglia. The neoplastic cells have rounded homogeneous nuclei and, on paraffin sections, a swollen, clear cytoplasm ('honeycomb' appearance).  It generally recurs locally, with median post-operative survival times ranging from 3 to 5 years for patients with all histological grades. (Adapted from WHO.), A relatively slow-growing glioma that is derived from oligodendrocytes and tends to occur in the cerebral hemispheres, thalamus, or lateral ventricle. They may present at any age, but are most frequent in the third to fifth decades, with an earlier incidence peak in the first decade. Histologically, these tumors are encapsulated, relatively avascular, and tend to form cysts and microcalcifications. Neoplastic cells tend to have small round nuclei surrounded by unstained nuclei. The tumors may vary from well-differentiated to highly anaplastic forms. (From DeVita et al., Cancer: Principles and Practice of Oncology, 5th ed, p2052; Adams et al., Principles of Neurology, 6th ed, p655), A relatively slow-growing glioma that is derived from oligodendrocytes and tends to occur in the cerebral hemispheres, thalamus, or lateral ventricle. They may present at any age, but are most frequent in the third to fifth decades, with an earlier incidence peak in the first decade. Histologically, these tumors are encapsulated, relatively avascular, and tend to form cysts and microcalcifications. Neoplastic cells tend to have small round nuclei surrounded by unstained nuclei. The tumors may vary from well-differentiated to highly anaplastic forms (MeSH)., A well-differentiated (WHO grade II), diffusely infiltrating neuroglial tumor, typically located in the cerebral hemispheres.  It is composed predominantly of cells which morphologically resemble oligodendroglia. The neoplastic cells have rounded homogeneous nuclei and, on paraffin sections, a swollen, clear cytoplasm (&amp;amp;apos;honeycomb&amp;amp;apos; appearance). (Adapted from WHO.), A well-differentiated (WHO grade II), diffusely infiltrating neuroglial tumor, typically located in the cerebral hemispheres.  It is composed predominantly of cells which morphologically resemble oligodendroglia. The neoplastic cells have rounded homogeneous nuclei and, on paraffin sections, a swollen, clear cytoplasm ('honeycomb' appearance). (Adapted from WHO), A well-differentiated (WHO grade II), diffusely infiltrating neuroglial tumor, typically located in the cerebral hemispheres.  It is composed predominantly of cells which morphologically resemble oligodendroglia. The neoplastic cells have rounded homogeneous nuclei and, on paraffin sections, a swollen, clear cytoplasm ('honeycomb' appearance). (Adapted from WHO.)	分化好的（WHOⅡ级），弥漫性浸润，成人神经胶质瘤，通常位于大脑半球。它主要是由细胞形态类似于少突胶质细胞。肿瘤细胞有圆形的同质核，石蜡切片，肿胀的，清晰的细胞质（蜂窝的外观）。它通常出现在当地，平均术后生存时间范围从3到5年的患者组织学分级。（来源于世卫组织），一种相对缓慢生长的胶质瘤，起源于少突胶质细胞，常发生于大脑半球、丘脑或侧脑室。他们可能出现在任何年龄，但在第三至第五年中最频繁，在第一个十年的发病高峰较早。组织学上，这些肿瘤是封装的，相对缺血，而且往往形成囊肿和钙化。肿瘤细胞往往有小的圆形细胞核周围染色细胞核。肿瘤可能从分化良好到高度不变型。（从德维塔et al.，癌肿瘤：原理与实践，第五版，p2052；亚当斯等人，神经病学原理，第六版，p655），一个相对缓慢的增长，是由少突胶质细胞和胶质瘤往往发生在大脑半球、丘脑、侧脑室。他们可能出现在任何年龄，但在第三至第五年中最频繁，在第一个十年的发病高峰较早。组织学上，这些肿瘤是封装的，相对缺血，而且往往形成囊肿和钙化。肿瘤细胞往往有小的圆形细胞核周围染色细胞核。肿瘤可能会有所不同从分化的高度分化的形式（网格），分化好的（WHOⅡ级），弥漫性浸润性胶质瘤，通常位于大脑半球。它主要是由细胞形态类似于少突胶质细胞。肿瘤细胞有圆形均匀的细胞核，在石蜡切片上有一个肿胀透明的胞质。（改编自他。），分化好的（WHOⅡ级），弥漫性浸润性胶质瘤，通常位于大脑半球。它主要是由细胞形态类似于少突胶质细胞。肿瘤细胞有圆形的同质核，石蜡切片，肿胀的，清晰的细胞质（蜂窝的外观）。（改编自谁），分化好的（WHOⅡ级），弥漫性浸润性胶质瘤，通常位于大脑半球。它主要是由细胞形态类似于少突胶质细胞。肿瘤细胞有圆形的同质核，石蜡切片，肿胀的，清晰的细胞质（蜂窝的外观）。（改编自世卫组织）。
C0014474	Ependymoma	EFO_0000632	A well-differentiated (WHO grade II), diffusely infiltrating neuroglial tumor of adults, typically located in the cerebral hemispheres.  It is composed predominantly of cells which morphologically resemble oligodendroglia. The neoplastic cells have rounded homogeneous nuclei and, on paraffin sections, a swollen, clear cytoplasm ('honeycomb' appearance).  It generally recurs locally, with median post-operative survival times ranging from 3 to 5 years for patients with all histological grades. (Adapted from WHO.), A relatively slow-growing glioma that is derived from oligodendrocytes and tends to occur in the cerebral hemispheres, thalamus, or lateral ventricle. They may present at any age, but are most frequent in the third to fifth decades, with an earlier incidence peak in the first decade. Histologically, these tumors are encapsulated, relatively avascular, and tend to form cysts and microcalcifications. Neoplastic cells tend to have small round nuclei surrounded by unstained nuclei. The tumors may vary from well-differentiated to highly anaplastic forms. (From DeVita et al., Cancer: Principles and Practice of Oncology, 5th ed, p2052; Adams et al., Principles of Neurology, 6th ed, p655), A relatively slow-growing glioma that is derived from oligodendrocytes and tends to occur in the cerebral hemispheres, thalamus, or lateral ventricle. They may present at any age, but are most frequent in the third to fifth decades, with an earlier incidence peak in the first decade. Histologically, these tumors are encapsulated, relatively avascular, and tend to form cysts and microcalcifications. Neoplastic cells tend to have small round nuclei surrounded by unstained nuclei. The tumors may vary from well-differentiated to highly anaplastic forms (MeSH)., A well-differentiated (WHO grade II), diffusely infiltrating neuroglial tumor, typically located in the cerebral hemispheres.  It is composed predominantly of cells which morphologically resemble oligodendroglia. The neoplastic cells have rounded homogeneous nuclei and, on paraffin sections, a swollen, clear cytoplasm (&amp;amp;apos;honeycomb&amp;amp;apos; appearance). (Adapted from WHO.), A well-differentiated (WHO grade II), diffusely infiltrating neuroglial tumor, typically located in the cerebral hemispheres.  It is composed predominantly of cells which morphologically resemble oligodendroglia. The neoplastic cells have rounded homogeneous nuclei and, on paraffin sections, a swollen, clear cytoplasm ('honeycomb' appearance). (Adapted from WHO), A well-differentiated (WHO grade II), diffusely infiltrating neuroglial tumor, typically located in the cerebral hemispheres.  It is composed predominantly of cells which morphologically resemble oligodendroglia. The neoplastic cells have rounded homogeneous nuclei and, on paraffin sections, a swollen, clear cytoplasm ('honeycomb' appearance). (Adapted from WHO.)	分化好的（WHOⅡ级），弥漫性浸润，成人神经胶质瘤，通常位于大脑半球。它主要是由细胞形态类似于少突胶质细胞。肿瘤细胞有圆形的同质核，石蜡切片，肿胀的，清晰的细胞质（蜂窝的外观）。它通常出现在当地，平均术后生存时间范围从3到5年的患者组织学分级。（来源于世卫组织），一种相对缓慢生长的胶质瘤，起源于少突胶质细胞，常发生于大脑半球、丘脑或侧脑室。他们可能出现在任何年龄，但在第三至第五年中最频繁，在第一个十年的发病高峰较早。组织学上，这些肿瘤是封装的，相对缺血，而且往往形成囊肿和钙化。肿瘤细胞往往有小的圆形细胞核周围染色细胞核。肿瘤可能从分化良好到高度不变型。（从德维塔et al.，癌肿瘤：原理与实践，第五版，p2052；亚当斯等人，神经病学原理，第六版，p655），一个相对缓慢的增长，是由少突胶质细胞和胶质瘤往往发生在大脑半球、丘脑、侧脑室。他们可能出现在任何年龄，但在第三至第五年中最频繁，在第一个十年的发病高峰较早。组织学上，这些肿瘤是封装的，相对缺血，而且往往形成囊肿和钙化。肿瘤细胞往往有小的圆形细胞核周围染色细胞核。肿瘤可能会有所不同从分化的高度分化的形式（网格），分化好的（WHOⅡ级），弥漫性浸润性胶质瘤，通常位于大脑半球。它主要是由细胞形态类似于少突胶质细胞。肿瘤细胞有圆形均匀的细胞核，在石蜡切片上有一个肿胀透明的胞质。（改编自他。），分化好的（WHOⅡ级），弥漫性浸润性胶质瘤，通常位于大脑半球。它主要是由细胞形态类似于少突胶质细胞。肿瘤细胞有圆形的同质核，石蜡切片，肿胀的，清晰的细胞质（蜂窝的外观）。（改编自谁），分化好的（WHOⅡ级），弥漫性浸润性胶质瘤，通常位于大脑半球。它主要是由细胞形态类似于少突胶质细胞。肿瘤细胞有圆形的同质核，石蜡切片，肿胀的，清晰的细胞质（蜂窝的外观）。（改编自世卫组织）。
C0004153	Atherosclerosis	EFO_0003914	A thickening and loss of elasticity of the walls of ARTERIES that occurs with formation of ATHEROSCLEROTIC PLAQUES within the ARTERIAL INTIMA.	动脉壁增厚和失去弹性，在动脉内膜内形成粥样硬化斑块。
C0028945	oligodendroglioma	EFO_0000632	A well-differentiated (WHO grade II), diffusely infiltrating neuroglial tumor of adults, typically located in the cerebral hemispheres.  It is composed predominantly of cells which morphologically resemble oligodendroglia. The neoplastic cells have rounded homogeneous nuclei and, on paraffin sections, a swollen, clear cytoplasm ('honeycomb' appearance).  It generally recurs locally, with median post-operative survival times ranging from 3 to 5 years for patients with all histological grades. (Adapted from WHO.), A relatively slow-growing glioma that is derived from oligodendrocytes and tends to occur in the cerebral hemispheres, thalamus, or lateral ventricle. They may present at any age, but are most frequent in the third to fifth decades, with an earlier incidence peak in the first decade. Histologically, these tumors are encapsulated, relatively avascular, and tend to form cysts and microcalcifications. Neoplastic cells tend to have small round nuclei surrounded by unstained nuclei. The tumors may vary from well-differentiated to highly anaplastic forms. (From DeVita et al., Cancer: Principles and Practice of Oncology, 5th ed, p2052; Adams et al., Principles of Neurology, 6th ed, p655), A relatively slow-growing glioma that is derived from oligodendrocytes and tends to occur in the cerebral hemispheres, thalamus, or lateral ventricle. They may present at any age, but are most frequent in the third to fifth decades, with an earlier incidence peak in the first decade. Histologically, these tumors are encapsulated, relatively avascular, and tend to form cysts and microcalcifications. Neoplastic cells tend to have small round nuclei surrounded by unstained nuclei. The tumors may vary from well-differentiated to highly anaplastic forms (MeSH)., A well-differentiated (WHO grade II), diffusely infiltrating neuroglial tumor, typically located in the cerebral hemispheres.  It is composed predominantly of cells which morphologically resemble oligodendroglia. The neoplastic cells have rounded homogeneous nuclei and, on paraffin sections, a swollen, clear cytoplasm (&amp;amp;apos;honeycomb&amp;amp;apos; appearance). (Adapted from WHO.), A well-differentiated (WHO grade II), diffusely infiltrating neuroglial tumor, typically located in the cerebral hemispheres.  It is composed predominantly of cells which morphologically resemble oligodendroglia. The neoplastic cells have rounded homogeneous nuclei and, on paraffin sections, a swollen, clear cytoplasm ('honeycomb' appearance). (Adapted from WHO), A well-differentiated (WHO grade II), diffusely infiltrating neuroglial tumor, typically located in the cerebral hemispheres.  It is composed predominantly of cells which morphologically resemble oligodendroglia. The neoplastic cells have rounded homogeneous nuclei and, on paraffin sections, a swollen, clear cytoplasm ('honeycomb' appearance). (Adapted from WHO.)	分化好的（WHOⅡ级），弥漫性浸润，成人神经胶质瘤，通常位于大脑半球。它主要是由细胞形态类似于少突胶质细胞。肿瘤细胞有圆形的同质核，石蜡切片，肿胀的，清晰的细胞质（蜂窝的外观）。它通常出现在当地，平均术后生存时间范围从3到5年的患者组织学分级。（来源于世卫组织），一种相对缓慢生长的胶质瘤，起源于少突胶质细胞，常发生于大脑半球、丘脑或侧脑室。他们可能出现在任何年龄，但在第三至第五年中最频繁，在第一个十年的发病高峰较早。组织学上，这些肿瘤是封装的，相对缺血，而且往往形成囊肿和钙化。肿瘤细胞往往有小的圆形细胞核周围染色细胞核。肿瘤可能从分化良好到高度不变型。（从德维塔et al.，癌肿瘤：原理与实践，第五版，p2052；亚当斯等人，神经病学原理，第六版，p655），一个相对缓慢的增长，是由少突胶质细胞和胶质瘤往往发生在大脑半球、丘脑、侧脑室。他们可能出现在任何年龄，但在第三至第五年中最频繁，在第一个十年的发病高峰较早。组织学上，这些肿瘤是封装的，相对缺血，而且往往形成囊肿和钙化。肿瘤细胞往往有小的圆形细胞核周围染色细胞核。肿瘤可能会有所不同从分化的高度分化的形式（网格），分化好的（WHOⅡ级），弥漫性浸润性胶质瘤，通常位于大脑半球。它主要是由细胞形态类似于少突胶质细胞。肿瘤细胞有圆形均匀的细胞核，在石蜡切片上有一个肿胀透明的胞质。（改编自他。），分化好的（WHOⅡ级），弥漫性浸润性胶质瘤，通常位于大脑半球。它主要是由细胞形态类似于少突胶质细胞。肿瘤细胞有圆形的同质核，石蜡切片，肿胀的，清晰的细胞质（蜂窝的外观）。（改编自谁），分化好的（WHOⅡ级），弥漫性浸润性胶质瘤，通常位于大脑半球。它主要是由细胞形态类似于少突胶质细胞。肿瘤细胞有圆形的同质核，石蜡切片，肿胀的，清晰的细胞质（蜂窝的外观）。（改编自世卫组织）。
C0004509	Azoospermia	EFO_0000279	A condition of suboptimal concentration of SPERMATOZOA in the ejaculated SEMEN to ensure successful FERTILIZATION of an OVUM. In humans, oligospermia is defined as a sperm count below 20 million per milliliter semen.	亚适浓度精子射出精液，确保卵子成功受精的条件。在人类中，少精症被定义为每毫升精液的精子计数低于2000万。
C0004576	Babesiosis	EFO_0007162	A parasitic protozoa infectious disease that has_symptommild fevers and has_symptom anemia described as malaria-like symptoms caused by a protozoan of genus Babesia, which reproduce in red blood cells and cause hemolytic anemia. They are transmitted by Ixodid ticks or by blood transfusion. Babesiosis is a zoonotic disease.	寄生原虫的传染病，has_symptommild发烧和has_symptom贫血称为疟疾的原生动物属虫引起的症状重现在红细胞引起溶血性贫血。他们是由硬蜱或通过输血传播。焦虫病是一种人畜共患疾病。
C0004945	Bejel	EFO_1001217	Infections with bacteria of the genus TREPONEMA.	密螺旋体属细菌感染。
C0005138	Berylliosis	EFO_0007168	A pneumoconiosis that involves allergic response located_in lungs caused by inhalation of beryllium compounds.	一个尘肺病包括过敏反应located_in肺部吸入铍化合物引起的。
C0004610	Bacteremia	EFO_0003033	Bacteremia (also bacteraemia) is the presence of bacteria in the blood. Blood is normally a sterile environment, so the detection of bacteria in the blood (most commonly accomplished by blood cultures) is always abnormal. Bacteria can enter the bloodstream as a severe complication of infections (like pneumonia or meningitis), during surgery (especially when involving mucous membranes such as the gastrointestinal tract), or due to catheters and other foreign bodies entering the arteries or veins (including during intravenous drug abuse).Bacteremia can have several consequences. The immune response to the bacteria can cause sepsis and septic shock, which has a relatively high mortality rate. Bacteria can also use the blood to spread to other parts of the body (which is called hematogenous spread), causing infections away from the original site of infection. Examples include endocarditis or osteomyelitis. Treatment is with antibiotics, and prevention with antibiotic prophylaxis can be given in situations where problems are to be expected.	菌血症（也是菌血症）是血液中细菌的存在。血液通常是无菌环境，所以检测血液中的细菌（通常是通过血液培养完成的）总是不正常的。细菌可以进入血液感染的严重并发症（如肺炎或脑膜炎），在手术过程中（尤其是当涉及粘膜如胃肠道），或由于导管和其他异物进入动脉或静脉（包括静脉吸毒期间）菌血症能有几个后果。对细菌的免疫反应可导致败血症和感染性休克，死亡率相对较高。细菌也可以使用血液扩散到身体的其他部位（称为血行播散），造成感染远离感染的原发部位。例如心内膜炎或骨髓炎。治疗方法是使用抗生素，在有问题的情况下可以给予抗生素预防。
C0006131	Branchioma	EFO_1001277	A tumor derived from branchial epithelium or branchial rests. (Dorland, 27th ed)	来源于鳃上皮或鳃的肿瘤。（Dorland，第二十七版）
C0338831	Manic	EFO_0000289	A major affective disorder marked by severe mood swings (manic or major depressive episodes) and a tendency to remission and recurrence (MeSH)., A major affective disorder marked by severe mood swings (manic or major depressive episodes) and a tendency to remission and recurrence.	一种主要的情感性疾病，表现为严重的情绪波动（躁狂或重度抑郁发作）和缓解和复发倾向（网状），一种主要的情绪障碍，表现为严重的情绪波动（躁狂或重度抑郁发作），有缓解和复发的倾向。
C0006285	Bronchopneumonia	EFO_0007184	A pneumonia involving inflammation of lungs that begins in the terminal bronchioles, which become clogged with thick mucus that forms consolidated patches in adjacent lobules. It is caused by bacteria and viruses.	肺炎累及肺，开始在终末细支气管的炎症，形成厚厚的黏液形成斑块阻塞合并相邻小叶。它是由细菌和病毒引起的。
C0005716	Blastomycosis	EFO_0007174	A primary systemic mycosis that results_in a systemic fungal infection, has_material_basis_in Blastomyces dermatitidis, transmitted_by airborne spores and has_symptom skin lesions, has_symptom lung lesions and has_symptom pleural thickening.	原发性全身性真菌病，results_in全身性真菌感染，has_material_basis_in皮炎芽生菌，transmitted_by空中孢子和has_symptom皮肤病变，has_symptom肺部病变和has_symptom胸膜增厚。
C0006309	Brucellosis	EFO_0007185	A primary bacterial infectious disease that is caused by the bacteria of the genus Brucella, when humans come in contact with contaminated animals or animal products or ingestion of infected food products. The disease has_symptom fever, has_symptom sweat, has_symptom headache, has_symptom back pain, has_symptom physical weakness, has_symptom joint pain and has_symptom fatigue.	一种主要的细菌性传染病，是由Brucella属细菌引起的，当人类接触受污染的动物或动物产品或食用受感染的食品时。疾病has_symptom发烧，has_symptom汗水，has_symptom has_symptom头痛，背痛，has_symptom身体虚弱，has_symptom关节疼痛和has_symptom疲劳。
C0006370	Bulimia	EFO_0005204	An eating disorder that is characterized by a cycle of binge eating (BULIMIA or bingeing) followed by inappropriate acts (purging) to avert weight gain. Purging methods often include self-induced VOMITING, use of LAXATIVES or DIURETICS, excessive exercise, and FASTING.	进食障碍的特点是一个循环的暴饮暴食（贪食或暴食）其次是不恰当的行为（清洗）来避免体重增加。清洗方法通常包括自我诱发呕吐，使用泻药或利尿剂，过度运动，禁食。
C0006370	Bulimia	EFO_0005924	binge eating with or without purging	暴饮暴食
C0006444	Bursitis	EFO_1000941	Inflammation or irritation of a bursa, the fibrous sac that acts as a cushion between moving structures of bones, muscles, tendons or skin.	囊炎发炎或发炎的纤维囊，在骨骼、肌肉、肌腱或皮肤的运动结构之间起缓冲作用。
C0006542	Byssinosis	EFO_1000851	A condition of BRONCHOCONSTRICTION resulting from hypersensitive reaction to inhaled dust during the initial processing of cotton, flax, or hemp in the textile industry. Symptoms include wheezing and tightness in the chest.	支气管收缩导致吸入灰尘过敏反应的棉花，亚麻初加工过程中的状态，或麻纺织行业中的。症状包括气喘和胸闷。
C0006663	Calcinosis	EFO_0003837	Process by which organic tissue becomes hardened by the physiologic deposit of calcium salts., Deposition of calcium in the tissues. It may be the result of a metabolic disorder or long-standing infection, or it may be associated with the presence of cancer.	钙盐的生理沉积使有机组织变硬的过程，钙在组织中的沉积。它可能是代谢紊乱或长期感染的结果，也可能与癌症的发生有关。
C0007384	Cataplexy	EFO_0000614	A condition characterized by recurrent episodes of daytime somnolence and lapses in consciousness (microsomnias) that may be associated with automatic behaviors and AMNESIA. CATAPLEXY; SLEEP PARALYSIS, and hypnagogic HALLUCINATIONS frequently accompany narcolepsy. The pathophysiology of this disorder includes sleep-onset rapid eye movement (REM) sleep, which normally follows stage III or IV sleep. (From Neurology 1998 Feb;50(2 Suppl 1):S2-S7)	条件的特点是白天嗜睡和失误反复发作的意识（microsomnias）可能与自动行为和失忆有关的。猝倒；睡眠瘫痪和入睡幻觉经常陪睡。这种疾病的病理生理包括睡眠发作快速眼动（REM）睡眠，通常在第三或第四阶段睡眠。（从神经学1998 Feb；50（2增刊1）：s2-s7）
C0085700	Chondromalacia	EFO_0005802	Softening and degeneration of the CARTILAGE. Pathological processes involving the chondral tissue (CARTILAGE).	软骨软化变性。病理过程涉及软骨（软骨）。
C0007642	Cellulitis	EFO_0003035	Cellulitis is a bacterial infection involving the skin. It specifically affects the dermis and subcutaneous fat. Signs and symptoms include an area of redness which increases in size over a couple of days. The borders of the area of redness are generally not sharp and the skin may be swollen. While the redness often turns white when pressure is applied this is not always the case. The area of infection is usually painful. Lymphatic vessels may occasionally be involved and the person may have a fever and feel tired.	蜂窝组织炎是皮肤的细菌感染。它特别影响真皮和皮下脂肪。症状和体征包括一个发红的区域，在几天内增大。发红区域的边界一般不锋利，皮肤可能肿胀。当施加压力时，发红通常会变白，但情况并非总是如此。感染的区域通常是疼痛的。偶尔会出现淋巴管，病人可能会发热，感到疲劳。
C0027404	Narcolepsy	EFO_0000614	A condition characterized by recurrent episodes of daytime somnolence and lapses in consciousness (microsomnias) that may be associated with automatic behaviors and AMNESIA. CATAPLEXY; SLEEP PARALYSIS, and hypnagogic HALLUCINATIONS frequently accompany narcolepsy. The pathophysiology of this disorder includes sleep-onset rapid eye movement (REM) sleep, which normally follows stage III or IV sleep. (From Neurology 1998 Feb;50(2 Suppl 1):S2-S7)	条件的特点是白天嗜睡和失误反复发作的意识（microsomnias）可能与自动行为和失忆有关的。猝倒；睡眠瘫痪和入睡幻觉经常陪睡。这种疾病的病理生理包括睡眠发作快速眼动（REM）睡眠，通常在第三或第四阶段睡眠。（从神经学1998 Feb；50（2增刊1）：s2-s7）
C0008029	Cherubism	EFO_0004150	.	.
C0008350	Cholelithiasis	EFO_0004799	Presence or formation of GALLSTONES in the BILIARY TRACT, usually in the gallbladder (CHOLECYSTOLITHIASIS) or the common bile duct (CHOLEDOCHOLITHIASIS).	在胆道存在或胆结石的形成，通常在胆囊（结石）或胆总管（胆总管结石）。
C0029422	Osteochondrodysplasias	EFO_0005571	A bone development disease that results_in defective development of cartilage or bone.	骨疾病的发展，软骨或骨results_in缺陷发展。
C0008441	Chondroblastoma	EFO_0000331	A benign, lytic neoplasm usually arising from the cartilage in epiphysis and metaphysis of bone.  It is a well circumscribed tumor characterized by the presence of chondroblasts, osteoclast-like giant cells, myxoid stroma formation, calcification, and mitotic activity. In aggressive cases, there is rearrangement of the 8q21 chromosome band.  The tumor occurs most frequently in children and young adults., A usually benign tumor composed of cells which arise from chondroblasts or their precursors and which tend to differentiate into cartilage cells. It occurs primarily in the epiphyses of adolescents. It is relatively rare and represents less than 2% of all primary bone tumors. The peak incidence is in the second decade of life; it is about twice as common in males as in females. (From Dorland, 27th ed; Holland et al., Cancer Medicine, 3d ed, p1846)	良性肿瘤通常，裂解产生骨骺与干骺端骨软骨。这是一个肿瘤边界清楚，由软骨细胞的存在，破骨细胞样巨细胞，黏液样基质的形成，钙化，和有丝分裂活性。在积极的情况下，出现的染色体重排8q21乐队。肿瘤最常发生在儿童和年轻的成年人，通常是良性的肿瘤，由软骨细胞或其前体产生的细胞往往分化为软骨细胞。它主要发生在青少年骨骺。这是比较罕见的，代表不到2%的所有原发性骨肿瘤。发病高峰是在生命的第二个十年；男性的发病率是女性的两倍。（Dorland，第二十七版；荷兰et al.，癌症药物，3版，p1846）
C0008479	Chondrosarcoma	EFO_0000333	A slowly growing malignant neoplasm derived from cartilage cells, occurring most frequently in pelvic bones or near the ends of long bones, in middle-aged and old people. Most chondrosarcomas arise de novo, but some may develop in a preexisting benign cartilaginous lesion or in patients with ENCHONDROMATOSIS. (Stedman, 25th ed), A malignant mesenchymal tumor arising from cartilage-forming tissues involving the bones.  It affects middle-aged to elderly adults, and the pelvic bones, ribs, shoulder girdle, and long bones are the most common sites of involvement.  Most chondrosarcomas arise de novo, but some may develop in a preexisting benign cartilaginous lesion.	一种由软骨细胞引起的缓慢增长的恶性肿瘤，最常见于中老年人的骨盆骨或长骨末端。大多数软骨肉瘤从头产生，但有可能发展一个已经存在的良性软骨病变的患者，内生软骨瘤病。（Stedman，第二十五版），从形成软骨组织发生恶性间质瘤累及骨骼。它影响中年到老年人，骨盆骨、肋骨、肩胛带和长骨是最常见的受累部位。大多数软骨肉瘤从头产生，但有可能在一个已经存在的良性软骨病变的发展。
C0008487	Chordoma	EFO_0000334	A malignant tumor arising from the embryonic remains of the notochord. It is also called chordocarcinoma, chordoepithelioma, and notochordoma. (Dorland, 27th ed), A notochordal cancer that derives_from cellular remnants of the notochord., A malignant bone tumor arising from the remnants of the fetal notochord. Although it can occur at all ages, it is more frequently seen in middle-aged adults. Most frequent sites of involvement are: sacrococcygeal area, spheno-occipital area, and the cervico-thoraco-lumbar spine. Microscopically, chordomas are composed of cells that form cords and lobules, separated by mucoid intercellular tissue. Some of the cells are large (physaliphorous) and have vacuolated cytoplasm and prominent vesicular nuclei. Other tumor cells are small with small nuclei without visible nucleoli. Chordomas tend to recur and may metastasize. The most common sites of metastasis are skin and bone.	从脊索胚胎仍然是恶性肿瘤。它也被称为脊索上皮瘤和脊索瘤，脊索瘤。（Dorland，第二十七版），一个脊索癌细胞derives_from残余的脊索，恶性骨肿瘤的胎儿脊索的残余引起的。虽然它可以发生在所有年龄段，但在中年人中更为常见。参与最频繁的网站是：骶尾区，蝶枕区和颈胸腰椎。显微镜下，脊索瘤是由细胞组成，形成线和小叶、粘液性细胞间组织分离。有些细胞大（空泡），胞浆空泡化和突出的泡状核。其他肿瘤细胞小，核小，可见核仁。脊索瘤复发和转移。最常见的转移部位是皮肤和骨骼。
C0008489	Chorea	EFO_0004152	Chorea is a movement disease characterized by brief, quasi-purposeful, irregular contractions that are not repetitive or rhythmic, but appear to flow from one muscle to the next.	舞蹈病是一种运动为特征的疾病简介，准有目的的、不规则的收缩，不重复的节奏，但似乎从一个肌肉流动到下一个。
C0008497	Choriocarcinoma	EFO_0002893	An aggressive malignant tumor arising from trophoblastic cells. The vast majority of cases arise in the uterus and represent gestational choriocarcinomas that derive from placental trophoblastic cells. Approximately half of the cases develop from a complete hydatidiform mole. A minority of cases arise in the testis or the ovaries. There is often marked elevation of human chorionic gonadotropin (hCG) in the blood. Choriocarcinomas disseminate rapidly through the hematogenous route; the lungs are most frequently affected.	由滋养层细胞引起的侵袭性恶性肿瘤。绝大多数病例发生在子宫和代表妊娠绒毛膜癌来自胎盘滋养层细胞。从一个完全性葡萄胎的发展大约一半的情况下。少数病例出现在睾丸或卵巢。血液中的人绒毛膜促性腺激素（HCG）常有明显的升高。绒毛膜癌传播迅速通过血行转移；肺是最常见的影响。
C0008526	Choroiditis	EFO_1001119	Inflammation of the choroid as well as the retina and vitreous body. Some form of visual disturbance is usually present. The most important characteristics of posterior uveitis are vitreous opacities, choroiditis, and chorioretinitis.	脉络膜、视网膜和玻璃体的炎症。通常存在某种形式的视觉障碍。后葡萄膜炎的最重要的特点是玻璃体混浊、视网膜脉络膜炎，和。
C0008733	Chylothorax	EFO_1001780	The presence of chyle in the thoracic cavity. (Dorland, 27th ed)	在胸腔乳糜的存在。（Dorland，第二十七版）
C0029443	Osteomyelitis	EFO_0003102	A bone inflammation disease that results_from infection located_in bone and located_in bone marrow.	骨的炎症性疾病，results_from感染located_in located_in骨和骨髓。
C0009021	Clonorchiasis	EFO_0007210	A parasitic helminthiasis infectious disease that involves parasitic infection of the bile ducts of the liver by Clonorchis sinensis. The symptoms include abdominal pain, nausea, diarrhea, and eosinophilia. In long-standing infections, cholangitis, cholelithiasis, pancreatitis, and cholangiocarcinoma can develop.	A parasitic helminthiasis infectious disease that involves parasitic infection of the bile ducts of the liver by Clonorchis sinensis. 症状包括腹痛、恶心、腹泻和嗜酸粒细胞增多。在长期感染中，胆管炎、胆石症、胰腺炎和胆管癌可以发展。
C0008909	Claustrophobia	EFO_1001908	A pathological anxiety characterized by fear or anxiety triggered by a specific stimulus or situation.	一种病态的焦虑，以特定的刺激或情况引起的恐惧或焦虑为特征。
C0009186	Coccidioidomycosis	EFO_0007211	A primary systemic mycosis that results_in systemic fungal infection, has_material_basis_in Coccidioides immitis, transmitted_by airborne spores and has_symptom conjunctivitis, has_symptom arthritis, has_symptom chest pain and results_in_formation_of skin nodules.	原发性全身性真菌病，results_in全身真菌感染，has_material_basis_in粗球孢子菌，transmitted_by空中孢子和has_symptom结膜炎，has_symptom关节炎，has_symptom胸痛和results_in_formation_of皮肤结节。
C0009319	Colitis	EFO_0003872	Inflammation of the COLON section of the large intestine (INTESTINE, LARGE), usually with symptoms such as DIARRHEA (often with blood and mucus), ABDOMINAL PAIN, and FEVER.	大肠发炎大肠（肠，大）的结肠部分，通常伴有腹泻（通常伴有血液和粘液）、腹痛和发烧。
C0010232	Cowpox	EFO_0007225	A viral infectious disease that results_in infection in rodents, cows, and humans, located_in skin, has_material_basis_in Cowpox virus, which is transmitted_by contact with an infected animal. The infection results_in_formation_of vesicopustular lesions on the hands or face.	一种病毒性传染病，results_in感染啮齿类动物，牛，和人类，located_in皮肤，has_material_basis_in牛痘病毒，这是transmitted_by与受感染的动物接触。感染results_in_formation_of vesicopustular病变在手或脸。
C0949272	IIeocolitis	EFO_0000384	A chronic transmural inflammation that may involve any part of the DIGESTIVE TRACT from MOUTH to ANUS, mostly found in the ILEUM, the CECUM, and the COLON. In Crohn disease, the inflammation, extending through the intestinal wall from the MUCOSA to the serosa, is characteristically asymmetric and segmental. Epithelioid GRANULOMAS may be seen in some patients.	一种慢性透壁炎症，可能涉及从口腔到肛门的消化道的任何部分，主要存在于回肠、盲肠和结肠。在克罗恩病，炎症，穿过肠壁由黏膜浆膜，是典型的不对称和节段性。上皮样肉芽肿可能是某些病人。
C0009917	Contracture	EFO_0003899	Prolonged shortening of the muscle or other soft tissue around a joint, preventing movement of the joint.	关节周围肌肉或其他软组织的长时间缩短，防止关节活动。
C0010276	Craniopharyngioma	EFO_1000209	A benign, partly cystic, epithelial tumor of the sellar region, presumably derived from Rathke pouch epithelium. It affects mainly children and young adults. There are two clinicopathological forms: adamantinomatous craniopharyngioma and papillary craniopharyngioma. The most significant factor associated with recurrence is the extent of surgical resection, with lesions greater than 5 cm in diameter carrying a markedly worse prognosis. (Adapted from WHO)	一个良性的、部分的鞍区囊性，上皮性肿瘤，可能来自Rathke囊上皮。它主要影响儿童和青年人。有两种病理形式：釉质型颅咽管瘤和乳头状瘤。与复发相关的最重要的因素是手术切除的范围，病变直径大于5厘米，预后较差。（改编自世卫组织）
C0010403	Cryoglobulinemia	EFO_0005846	A condition characterized by the presence of cryoglobulins in the blood. Cryoglobulins are abnormal proteins that precipitate within the microvasculature on exposure to cold; microvasculature effects of cryoglobulinemia may result in restricted tissue blood flow, tissue hypoxia, and tissue necrosis. --2004	A condition characterized by the presence of cryoglobulins in the blood. 冷球蛋白的异常蛋白，沉淀在微血管暴露在冷；冷球蛋白血症的作用可能会限制组织微血管的血流量，组织缺氧和坏死组织。- 2004
C0010678	Cysticercosis	EFO_0007231	A taeniasis that results from ingestion of eggs or larvae of the Taenia solium tapeworm in undercooked pork or fecally contaminated food or water, which subsequently infect the central nervous system, heart, muscles, subcutaneous tissues, and eyes. Neurocysticercosis causes seizures, mental disturbances, focal neurologic deficits and intracerebral lesions.	一绦从煮熟的猪肉或粪便污染的食物或水的猪带绦虫绦虫卵或幼虫摄食，结果，随后感染中枢神经系统、心脏、肌肉、皮下组织和眼睛。脑囊虫病引起癫痫发作、精神障碍、局灶性神经功能缺损和脑病变。
C0010417	Cryptorchidism	EFO_0004562	Cryptorchidism (derived from the Greek κρυπτός, kryptos, meaning hidden and ὄρχις, orchis, meaning testicle) is the absence of one or both testes from the scrotum. It is the most common birth defect regarding male genitalia. In unique cases, cryptorchidism can develop later in life, often as late as young adulthood. About 3% of full-term and 30% of premature infant boys are born with at least one undescended testis. However, about 80% of cryptorchid testes descend by the first year of life (the majority within three months), making the true incidence of cryptorchidism around 1% overall. Cryptorchidism is distinct from monorchism the condition of having only one testicle.	隐睾（来自希腊κρυπτός，我们看到，意义隐藏和ὄρχις，兰花，意思是阴囊睾丸）从一个或两个睾丸缺失。这是男性生殖器最常见的先天缺陷。在特殊情况下，隐睾症在以后的生活中会发展，经常为青年期晚。大约3%的足月和早产儿出生的男孩有30%至少有一个隐睾。然而，约80%的隐睾下降在生命的第一年（三个月内的多数），使得整体隐睾发病率约1%。隐睾症是不同于单睾丸只有一个睾丸的情况。
C0010631	Cystadenocarcinoma	EFO_0006387	.	.
C0011053	Deafness	EFO_0001063	An inherited or acquired condition characterized by a partial or complete loss of hearing in one or both ears. The level of impairment varies from a mild but important loss of sensitivity to a total loss of hearing., An inherited or acquired condition characterized by the complete loss of the ability to hear from one or both ears., A partial or complete loss o f hearing in one or both ears; the level of impairment varies from a mild but important loss of sensitivity to a total loss of hearing.	一个或两个耳朵部分或完全丧失听力的遗传或后天状态。减值水平不同轻微的但重要的灵敏度损失耳聋，遗传或后天条件的特点是从一个或两个耳朵听的能力完全丧失，部分或完全丧失听力的一个或两个耳朵；减值水平从一个温和的但重要的灵敏度完全丧失听力损失的变化。
C0010692	Cystitis	EFO_1000025	An acute or chronic inflammatory process affecting the bladder.	一种影响膀胱的急性或慢性炎症过程。
C0025193	Melancholia	EFO_0003761	A mood disorder having a clinical course involving one or more episodes of serious psychological depression that last two or more weeks each, do not have intervening episodes of mania or hypomania, and are characterized by a loss of interest or pleasure in almost all activities and by some or all of disturbances of appetite, sleep, or psychomotor functioning, a decrease in energy, difficulties in thinking or making decisions, loss of self-esteem or feelings of guilt, and suicidal thoughts or attempts.	具有临床过程涉及一个或多个情节严重的心理抑郁，最后两周以上的每一个情绪障碍，没有干预躁狂或，特点是由一个失去兴趣或乐趣在几乎所有的活动和一些或所有干扰食欲，睡眠，或精神运动功能，减少能量，在思考和决策困难，有罪的自尊或感情的损失，和自杀想法或尝试。
C0011053	Deafness	EFO_0004238	A general term for the complete or partial loss of the ability to hear from one or both ears.	完全或部分丧失从一个或两个耳朵听到的能力的总称。
C0011633	Dermatomyositis	EFO_0000398	A myositis and is_a dermatitis that results_in inflammation located_in muscle and located_in skin. The disease may result from either a viral infection or an autoimmune reaction., A subacute or chronic inflammatory disease of muscle and skin, marked by proximal muscle weakness and a characteristic skin rash. The illness occurs with approximately equal frequency in children and adults. The skin lesions usually take the form of a purplish rash (or less often an exfoliative dermatitis) involving the nose, cheeks, forehead, upper trunk, and arms. The disease is associated with a complement mediated intramuscular microangiopathy, leading to loss of capillaries, muscle ischemia, muscle-fiber necrosis, and perifascicular atrophy. The childhood form of this disease tends to evolve into a systemic vasculitis. Dermatomyositis may occur in association with malignant neoplasms. (From Adams et al., Principles of Neurology, 6th ed, pp1405-6)	肌炎和is_a皮炎，results_in located_in肌肉和皮肤炎症located_in。该病可由病毒感染或自身免疫反应引起，是肌肉和皮肤的亚急性炎症或慢性炎症性疾病，以近端肌无力和特有皮疹为特征。儿童和成人的发病率大致相同。皮肤病变通常以紫色皮疹的形式（或较少的剥脱性皮炎）涉及的鼻子，脸颊，额头，上躯干和手臂。疾病与补体介导的肌内微血管，导致毛细血管丧失，肌肉缺血，肌纤维坏死，和束周萎缩。这种疾病的童年形式往往演变为全身性血管炎。皮肌炎可能与恶性肿瘤有关。（亚当斯et al.，神经病学原理，第六版，pp1405-6）
C0011644	Scleroderma	EFO_1001361	A term used to describe a variety of localized asymmetrical SKIN thickening that is similar to those of SYSTEMIC SCLERODERMA but without the disease features in the multiple internal organs and BLOOD VESSELS. Lesions may be characterized as patches or plaques (morphea), bands (linear), or nodules.	一种用来描述各种局部不对称皮肤增厚的术语，类似于系统性硬皮病，但没有多器官和血管的疾病特征。病变可能表现为斑片或斑块（硬皮病），带（线），或结节。
C0011644	Scleroderma	EFO_0000717	A chronic multi-system disorder of CONNECTIVE TISSUE. It is characterized by SCLEROSIS in the SKIN, the LUNGS, the HEART, the GASTROINTESTINAL TRACT, the KIDNEYS, and the MUSCULOSKELETAL SYSTEM. Other important features include diseased small BLOOD VESSELS and AUTOANTIBODIES. The disorder is named for its most prominent feature (hard skin), and classified into subsets by the extent of skin thickening: LIMITED SCLERODERMA and DIFFUSE SCLERODERMA., A scleroderma that is characterized by fibrosis (or hardening) of the skin and major organs, as well as vascular alterations, and autoantibodies.	慢性多系统结缔组织病。它的特征是皮肤、肺、心脏、胃肠道、肾脏和肌肉骨骼系统硬化。其他重要特征包括病变的小血管和自身抗体。该病以其最突出的特征（硬皮肤）命名，并按皮肤增厚程度分为亚型：局限性硬皮病和弥漫性硬皮病，硬皮病的特征是皮肤和主要器官的纤维化（或硬化），以及血管改变和自身抗体。
C1527383	Morphea	EFO_1001361	A term used to describe a variety of localized asymmetrical SKIN thickening that is similar to those of SYSTEMIC SCLERODERMA but without the disease features in the multiple internal organs and BLOOD VESSELS. Lesions may be characterized as patches or plaques (morphea), bands (linear), or nodules.	一种用来描述各种局部不对称皮肤增厚的术语，类似于系统性硬皮病，但没有多器官和血管的疾病特征。病变可能表现为斑片或斑块（硬皮病），带（线），或结节。
C0011993	Vipoma	EFO_1000622	An often clinically aggressive neuroendocrine tumor located in the pancreas or small intestine. It is composed of cells containing vasoactive intestinal peptide. It may cause intractable diarrhea and metabolic disturbances.	胰腺或小肠内临床上常发生侵袭性神经内分泌肿瘤。它由含有血管活性肠肽的细胞组成。它可能导致顽固性腹泻和代谢紊乱。
C0012813	Diverticulitis	EFO_1001460	An intestinal disease characterized by the formation and inflammation of diverticula within the bowel wall.	肠道疾病的特点是由肠壁内憩室的形成和炎症。
C0012546	Diphtheria	EFO_0005549	A primary bacterial infectious disease that is characterized by sore throat, low fever, and an adherent membrane (a pseudomembrane) on the tonsils, pharynx, and/or nasal cavity. A milder form of diphtheria can be restricted to the skin. It is caused by Corynebacterium diphtheriae, an aerobic Gram-positive bacterium. Diphtheria toxin spreads through the bloodstream and can lead to potentially life-threatening complications that affect other organs of the body, such as the heart and kidneys.	A primary bacterial infectious disease that is characterized by sore throat, low fever, and an adherent membrane (a pseudomembrane) on the tonsils, pharynx, and/or nasal cavity. 较轻的白喉可以限制在皮肤上。它是由白喉杆菌引起，需氧的革兰氏阳性菌。白喉毒素通过血液传播，可能导致危及生命的并发症，影响身体的其他器官，如心脏和肾脏。
C0013369	Dysentery	EFO_1001869	Dysentery is a type of gastroenteritis that results in diarrhea with blood. Other symptoms may include fever, abdominal pain,[3] and a feeling of incomplete defecation.It is caused by a number of types of infection such as bacteria, viruses, parasitic worms, or protozoa. The mechanism is an inflammatory disorder of the intestine, especially of the colon.	痢疾是一种导致血液腹泻的胃肠炎。其他症状可能包括发烧、腹痛、[ 3 ]和不完全排便感觉，这是由多种类型的感染引起的，如细菌、病毒、寄生虫或原生动物。这种机制是一种肠道炎症性疾病，尤其是结肠。
C0025202	melanoma	EFO_0000756	A malignant neoplasm derived from cells that are capable of forming melanin, which may occur in the skin of any part of the body, in the eye, or, rarely, in the mucous membranes of the genitalia, anus, oral cavity, or other sites. It occurs mostly in adults and may originate de novo or from a pigmented nevus or malignant lentigo. Melanomas frequently metastasize widely, and the regional lymph nodes, liver, lungs, and brain are likely to be involved. The incidence of malignant skin melanomas is rising rapidly in all parts of the world. (Stedman, 25th ed; from Rook et al., Textbook of Dermatology, 4th ed, p2445), A malignant, usually aggressive tumor composed of atypical, neoplastic melanocytes.  Most often, melanomas arise in the skin (cutaneous melanomas) and include the following histologic subtypes: superficial spreading melanoma, nodular melanoma, acral lentiginous melanoma, and lentigo maligna melanoma.  Cutaneous melanomas may arise from acquired or congenital melanocytic or dysplastic nevi.  Melanomas may also arise in other anatomic sites including the gastrointestinal system, eye, urinary tract, and reproductive system.  Melanomas frequently metastasize to lymph nodes, liver, lungs, and brain.	一种恶性肿瘤，由细胞形成，可形成黑色素，可能发生在身体任何部位的皮肤、眼睛，或很少出现在生殖器、肛门、口腔或其他部位的粘膜中。这大多发生在成年人，可能是从头还是从色素痣和恶性雀斑样痣。黑色素瘤经常转移广泛，与区域淋巴结、肝、肺、脑都可能参与。在世界各地，恶性皮肤黑色素瘤的发病率正在迅速上升。（Stedman，第二十五版；从车等人，教材皮肤病学，第四版，p2445），恶性肿瘤，通常由非典型性、恶性黑色素细胞。通常，在皮肤上出现的黑色素瘤（皮肤黑色素瘤），包括组织学亚型：浅表扩散性黑色素瘤，结节性黑色素瘤，肢端黑色素瘤，而恶性黑色素瘤。产生获得性或先天性黑色素细胞痣或发育不良痣可能皮肤黑色素瘤。黑色素瘤也可能出现在其他解剖部位，包括胃肠系统、眼、泌尿道和生殖系统。黑色素瘤常转移到淋巴结、肝、肺、脑。
C0013428	Dysuria	EFO_0003901	Painful URINATION. It is often associated with infections of the lower URINARY TRACT.	排尿疼痛。它常与下尿路感染有关。
C0013882	Elephantiasis	EFO_0004711	Elephantiasis is a  result of a complex interplay between several factors: the worm, the symbiotic Wolbachia bacteria within the worm, the host’s immune response, and the numerous opportunistic infections and disorders that arise.	象皮肿是由于几个因素之间复杂的相互作用：蠕虫、共生沃尔巴克氏菌内的蠕虫病毒，宿主的免疫反应，和众多的机会性感染和疾病的发生。
C0013502	Echinococcosis	EFO_0007245	A parasitic helminthiasis infectious disease that involves parasitic infection of humans and domestic animals caused by the larval stages of tapeworms of the genus Echinococcus in the liver, lungs, spleen, brain, heart and kidneys.	寄生蠕虫病的传染病，包括人类和家畜的肝脏中，细粒棘球绦虫属的绦虫幼虫阶段引起肺、脾、脑寄生虫感染，心脏和肾脏。
C0014009	Empyema	EFO_0003097	An accumulation of pus, usually in a body cavity	脓液积聚在体内的脓液
C1280469	Podoconiosis	EFO_0004711	Elephantiasis is a  result of a complex interplay between several factors: the worm, the symbiotic Wolbachia bacteria within the worm, the host’s immune response, and the numerous opportunistic infections and disorders that arise.	象皮肿是由于几个因素之间复杂的相互作用：蠕虫、共生沃尔巴克氏菌内的蠕虫病毒，宿主的免疫反应，和众多的机会性感染和疾病的发生。
C0014068	Encephalomalacia	EFO_1000915	Softening or loss of brain tissue following CEREBRAL INFARCTION; cerebral ischemia (see BRAIN ISCHEMIA), infection, CRANIOCEREBRAL TRAUMA, or other injury. The term is often used during gross pathologic inspection to describe blurred cortical margins and decreased consistency of brain tissue following infarction. Multicystic encephalomalacia refers to the formation of multiple cystic cavities of various sizes in the cerebral cortex of neonates and infants following injury, most notably perinatal hypoxia-ischemic events. (From Davis et al., Textbook of Neuropathology, 2nd ed, p665; J Neuropathol Exp Neurol, 1995 Mar;54(2):268-75)	脑梗塞后脑组织的软化或丢失；脑缺血（脑缺血）、感染、颅脑损伤或其他损伤。在病理检查中经常使用这个术语来描述梗死后大脑皮层的模糊边缘和一致性降低。多囊性脑软化症是指在受伤后的新生儿和婴儿的大脑皮层的各种尺寸的囊腔的形成，尤其是围产期缺氧缺血事件。（戴维斯et al.，教材病理学，第二版，p665；J卷口神经损坏，1995；54（2）：268-75）
C0014118	Endocarditis	EFO_0000465	A heart disease involving non-infectious inflammation of the endocardium (inner layer of the heart)., Inflammation of the inner lining of the heart (ENDOCARDIUM), the continuous membrane lining the four chambers and HEART VALVES. It is often caused by microorganisms including bacteria, viruses, fungi, and rickettsiae. Left untreated, endocarditis can damage heart valves and become life-threatening., Inflammation of the endocardium.	一个涉及心内膜的非感染性炎症性心脏病（心脏内层），心脏内膜的炎症（内膜），连续膜衬四腔心脏瓣膜。它往往是由微生物包括细菌，病毒，真菌，立克次体引起的。未经治疗的感染性心内膜炎可损害心脏瓣膜和成为危及生命，心内膜的炎症。
C0014070	Encephalomyelitis	EFO_0001423	A general term indicating inflammation of the BRAIN and SPINAL CORD, often used to indicate an infectious process, but also applicable to a variety of autoimmune and toxic-metabolic conditions. There is significant overlap regarding the usage of this term and ENCEPHALITIS in the literature.	表明大脑和脊髓发炎的总称，常用来指示感染过程，但也适用于各种自身免疫性和有毒的代谢状况。关于这一术语和脑炎在文献中的使用有显著的重叠。
C0036631	Seminoma	EFO_1000566	A germ cell tumor arising from the testis. Representative examples include teratoma, seminoma, embryonal carcinoma, and yolk sac tumor.	睾丸生殖细胞瘤。典型的例子包括畸胎瘤、精原细胞瘤、胚胎癌、卵黄囊瘤。
C0014175	Endometriosis	EFO_0001065	The growth of functional endometrial tissue in anatomic sites outside the uterine body. It most often occurs in the pelvic organs.	子宫外解剖部位功能性子宫内膜组织的生长。最常见于盆腔器官。
C0269102	Endometrioma	EFO_0001065	The growth of functional endometrial tissue in anatomic sites outside the uterine body. It most often occurs in the pelvic organs.	子宫外解剖部位功能性子宫内膜组织的生长。最常见于盆腔器官。
C0014356	Enterocolitis	EFO_1001481	Enterocolitis or coloenteritis is an inflammation of the digestive tract, involving enteritis of the small intestine and colitis of the colon. It may be caused by various infections, with bacteria, viruses, fungi, parasites, or other causes. Common clinical manifestations of enterocolitis are frequent diarrheal defecations, with or without nausea, vomiting, abdominal pain, fever, chills, alteration of general condition. General manifestations are given by the dissemination of the infectious agent or its toxins throughout the body, or – most frequently – by significant losses of water and minerals, the consequence of diarrhea and vomiting.	肠炎、小肠结肠炎是一种消化道炎症，累及结肠的小肠结肠炎肠炎。它可能是由各种感染引起的，包括细菌、病毒、真菌、寄生虫或其他原因。肠炎常见的临床表现为排便频繁腹泻，伴或不伴恶心、呕吐、腹痛、发热、寒战、全身情况的改变。一般的表现是通过在全身传播病原体或毒素，或最常见的是大量的水和矿物质的损失，腹泻和呕吐的后果。
C0014179	Endometritis	EFO_1001312	Inflammation of the ENDOMETRIUM, usually caused by intrauterine infections. Endometritis is the most common cause of postpartum fever.	子宫内膜炎子宫内膜的炎症，通常由宫内感染引起。子宫内膜炎是产后发热最常见的原因。
C0014474	Ependymoma	EFO_1000028	A WHO grade II, slow growing tumor of children and young adults, usually located intraventricularly. It is the most common ependymal neoplasm. It often causes clinical symptoms by blocking cerebrospinal fluid pathways. Key histological features include perivascular pseudorosettes and ependymal rosettes.	WHOⅡ级，生长缓慢的儿童和年轻成人的肿瘤，通常位于侧脑室。这是最常见的室管膜肿瘤。它常通过阻断脑脊液通路引起临床症状。关键的组织学特征包括血管周围pseudorosettes和室管膜的玫瑰花。
C0014541	Epiglottitis	EFO_0007261	An upper respiratory tract disease which involves inflammation of the epiglottis due to infection. Haemophilus influenzae type B is the most common bacterial causative agent, although some cases are attributable to Streptococcus pneumoniae or Streptococcus pyogenes. The infection can cause the epiglottis to either obstruct or completely close off the windpipe. Epiglottitis typically affects children, and is associated with fever, difficulty in swallowing, drooling, hoarseness of voice, and stridor.	上呼吸道疾病，是由于感染会厌炎。B型流感嗜血杆菌是最常见的细菌性病原体，虽然有些病例是由于肺炎链球菌和化脓性链球菌。感染可引起会厌或阻碍或完全关闭气管。会厌炎通常会影响孩子，并伴有发热，吞咽困难，流涎，声音嘶哑，和喘鸣。
C0236018	Aura	EFO_0000474	A disorder characterized by recurrent episodes of paroxysmal brain dysfunction due to a sudden, disorderly, and excessive neuronal discharge. Epilepsy classification systems are generally based upon: (1) clinical features of the seizure episodes (e.g., motor seizure), (2) etiology (e.g., post-traumatic), (3) anatomic site of seizure origin (e.g., frontal lobe seizure), (4) tendency to spread to other structures in the brain, and (5) temporal patterns (e.g., nocturnal epilepsy) (MeSH)., A disorder characterized by recurrent seizures, A brain disorder characterized by episodes of abnormally increased neuronal discharge resulting in transient episodes of sensory or motor neurological dysfunction, or psychic dysfunction. These episodes may or may not be associated with loss of consciousness or convulsions.	由于突然、无序和过度的神经元放电而反复发作的突发性脑功能障碍的一种疾病。癫痫分类系统一般都是基于：（1）对癫痫发作的临床特征（例如，运动性癫痫发作），（2）病因（如外伤），（3）癫痫发作起源的解剖部位（如额叶癫痫），（4）在大脑中扩散到其他结构的倾向，和（5）时间模式（例如，夜间癫痫）（网），一个特点是反复发作的疾病，大脑疾病发作的异常神经元放电增加导致感觉和运动神经功能的短暂发作，或精神障碍。这些事件可能或可能与意识丧失或抽搐有关。
C0014818	Erythroplasia	EFO_1001786	A condition of the mucous membrane characterized by erythematous papular lesions. (Dorland, 27th ed)	由红斑性丘疹性病变粘膜的条件。（Dorland，第二十七版）
C0014544	Epilepsy	EFO_0000474	A disorder characterized by recurrent episodes of paroxysmal brain dysfunction due to a sudden, disorderly, and excessive neuronal discharge. Epilepsy classification systems are generally based upon: (1) clinical features of the seizure episodes (e.g., motor seizure), (2) etiology (e.g., post-traumatic), (3) anatomic site of seizure origin (e.g., frontal lobe seizure), (4) tendency to spread to other structures in the brain, and (5) temporal patterns (e.g., nocturnal epilepsy) (MeSH)., A disorder characterized by recurrent seizures, A brain disorder characterized by episodes of abnormally increased neuronal discharge resulting in transient episodes of sensory or motor neurological dysfunction, or psychic dysfunction. These episodes may or may not be associated with loss of consciousness or convulsions.	由于突然、无序和过度的神经元放电而反复发作的突发性脑功能障碍的一种疾病。癫痫分类系统一般都是基于：（1）对癫痫发作的临床特征（例如，运动性癫痫发作），（2）病因（如外伤），（3）癫痫发作起源的解剖部位（如额叶癫痫），（4）在大脑中扩散到其他结构的倾向，和（5）时间模式（例如，夜间癫痫）（网），一个特点是反复发作的疾病，大脑疾病发作的异常神经元放电增加导致感觉和运动神经功能的短暂发作，或精神障碍。这些事件可能或可能与意识丧失或抽搐有关。
C0014591	Epistaxis	EFO_0003895	Bleeding from the nose.	流鼻出血。
C0015652	Fascioliasis	EFO_1001324	Liver disease caused by infections with parasitic flukes of the genus FASCIOLA, such as FASCIOLA HEPATICA.	通过与肝片吸虫属的寄生吸虫感染引起的肝脏疾病，如肝片吸虫。
C0016048	Fibromatosis	EFO_0000497	A poorly circumscribed neoplasm arising from the soft tissues. It is characterized by the presence of spindle-shaped fibroblasts and an infiltrative growth pattern.	软组织的一种边界不好的肿瘤。其特征是纺锤形成纤维细胞和浸润性生长模式的存在。
C2711227	Steatohepatitis	EFO_0003934	Inflammation of the liver related to lipid accumulation in fatty liver., Lipid infiltration of the hepatic parenchymal cells resulting in a yellow-colored liver. The abnormal lipid accumulation is usually in the form of TRIGLYCERIDES, either as a single large droplet or multiple small droplets. Fatty liver is caused by an imbalance in the metabolism of FATTY ACIDS.	肝脏的炎症与脂肪肝的脂质堆积有关，肝实质细胞的脂质浸润导致一个黄色的肝。异常的脂质堆积通常是甘油三酯的形式，要么是单个大滴，要么是多个小液滴。脂肪肝是由脂肪酸代谢失调引起的。
C0016045	fibroma	EFO_0002424	A benign neoplasm arising from the fibrous tissues. It is characterized by the presence of spindle-shaped fibroblasts.	纤维组织良性肿瘤。其特征是纺锤形成纤维细胞的存在。
C0016048	Fibromatosis	EFO_0002424	A benign neoplasm arising from the fibrous tissues. It is characterized by the presence of spindle-shaped fibroblasts.	纤维组织良性肿瘤。其特征是纺锤形成纤维细胞的存在。
C0016053	Fibromyalgia	EFO_0005687	A chronic disorder of unknown etiology characterized by pain, stiffness, and tenderness in the muscles of neck, shoulders, back, hips, arms, and legs. Other signs and symptoms include headaches, fatigue, sleep disturbances, and painful menstruation.	一种病因不明的慢性疾病，以颈部、肩部、背部、臀部、手臂和腿部的肌肉疼痛、僵硬和压痛为特征。其他症状和体征包括头痛、疲劳、睡眠障碍和痛经。
C0016053	Fibromyalgia	EFO_1001054	Muscular pain in numerous body regions that can be reproduced by pressure on TRIGGER POINTS, localized hardenings in skeletal muscle tissue. Pain is referred to a location distant from the trigger points. A prime example is the TEMPOROMANDIBULAR JOINT DYSFUNCTION SYNDROME.	在众多的身体部位，可以用触发点压力再现的肌肉疼痛，骨骼肌组织局部硬化现象。疼痛是指远离触发点的位置。一个典型的例子是颞下颌关节紊乱综合征。
C0016059	Fibrosis	EFO_0006890	the formation of excess fibrous connective tissue in an organ or tissue in a reparative or reactive process. This can be a reactive, benign, or pathological state.	在修复或反应过程中器官或组织中多余的纤维结缔组织的形成。这可以是反应性的、良性的或病理性的状态。
C0016057	Fibrosarcoma	EFO_0002087	.	.
C0016202	Flatfoot	EFO_0003874	A condition in which one or more of the arches of the foot have flattened out.	足弓一个或多个足弓扁平的状态。
C0025209	Melanosis	EFO_0003963	Disorders of increased melanin pigmentation that develop without preceding inflammatory disease.	黑色素沉着增多，没有先前的炎症性疾病。
C0025218	Chloasma	EFO_0003963	Disorders of increased melanin pigmentation that develop without preceding inflammatory disease.	黑色素沉着增多，没有先前的炎症性疾病。
C0016995	Gambling	EFO_0004699	An activity distinguished primarily by an element of risk in trying to obtain a desired goal, e.g., playing a game of chance for money.	一种活动，主要是通过试图获得所期望的目标的风险因素，例如玩一个金钱游戏。
C0016689	Freckles	EFO_0003963	Disorders of increased melanin pigmentation that develop without preceding inflammatory disease.	黑色素沉着增多，没有先前的炎症性疾病。
C0017075	Ganglioneuroma	EFO_0000500	A benign neuroblastic tumor of the sympathetic nervous system that occurs in childhood. Ganglioneuroma typically arises from the sympathetic trunk in the mediastinum. Histologic features include spindle cell proliferation (resembling a neurofibroma) and the presence of large ganglion cells. Common presenting features include a palpable abdominal mass, hepatomegaly, and a thoracic mass detected on routine chest X-ray., A benign neoplasm that usually arises from the sympathetic trunk in the mediastinum. Histologic features include spindle cell proliferation (resembling a neurofibroma) and the presence of large ganglion cells. The tumor may present clinically with HORNER SYNDROME or diarrhea due to ectopic production of vasoactive intestinal peptide (MeSH).	一个良性的交感神经系统，发生在儿童神经母细胞瘤。节细胞神经瘤通常来自胸交感干。组织学特征包括梭形细胞增生（类似于神经纤维瘤）和大的神经节细胞的存在。常见的功能包括可触及腹部肿块、肝肿大、和胸质量检测常规胸部X光，一种良性肿瘤，通常出现在纵隔交感干。组织学特征包括梭形细胞增生（类似于神经纤维瘤）和大的神经节细胞的存在。目前临床上肿瘤可能与Horner综合征或腹泻由于血管活性肠肽异位生产（网）。
C0017160	Gastroenteritis	EFO_1001463	INFLAMMATION of any segment of the GASTROINTESTINAL TRACT from ESOPHAGUS to RECTUM. Causes of gastroenteritis are many including genetic, infection, HYPERSENSITIVITY, drug effects, and CANCER.	从食道到直肠的任何一段胃肠道的炎症。胃肠炎的原因很多，包括遗传、感染、过敏、药物作用和癌症。
C0017601	Glaucoma	EFO_0000516	An ocular disease, occurring in many forms, having as its primary characteristics an unstable or a sustained increase in the intraocular pressure which the eye cannot withstand without damage to its structure or impairment of its function. The consequences of the increased pressure may be manifested in a variety of symptoms, depending upon type and severity, such as excavation of the optic disk, hardness of the eyeball, corneal anesthesia, reduced visual acuity, seeing of colored halos around lights, disturbed dark adaptation, visual field defects, and headaches. (Dictionary of Visual Science, 4th ed), Increased pressure in the eyeball due to obstruction of the outflow of aqueous humor.	眼病一种多发病的眼科疾病，其主要特征是眼内压不稳定或持续增加，眼睛不能承受而不损伤其结构或损害其功能。压力增加的后果可能表现在各种症状上，视类型和严重程度而定，如视神经盘的摘除、眼球硬度、角膜麻醉、视力下降、眼睛周围的颜色晕、紊乱的暗适应、视野缺损和头痛。（视觉科学词典，第四ED），由于房水流出受阻而增加眼球压力。
C0017152	Gastritis	EFO_0000217	A stomach disease that is an inflammation of the lining of the stomach., Inflammation of the stomach., Inflammation of the GASTRIC MUCOSA, a lesion observed in a number of unrelated disorders.	胃疾病是指胃内层的炎症，胃的炎症，胃粘膜的炎症，在一些无关的疾病中观察到的病变。
C0017152	Gastritis	EFO_0000337	A stomach disease that is an inflammation of the lining of the stomach.	胃的炎症是胃内层的炎症。
C0017636	Glioblastoma	EFO_0000515	A rare histological variant of glioblastoma (WHO grade IV) with a predominance of bizarre, multinucleated giant cells, an occasionally abundant stromal reticulin network, and a high frequency of TP53 mutations. (WHO), A malignant form of astrocytoma histologically characterized by pleomorphism of cells, nuclear atypia, microhemorrhage, and necrosis. They may arise in any region of the central nervous system, with a predilection for the cerebral hemispheres, basal ganglia, and commissural pathways. Clinical presentation most frequently occurs in the fifth or sixth decade of life with focal neurologic signs or seizures.	一种罕见的组织学变异的胶质母细胞瘤（WHOⅣ级）与奇异的优势，多核巨细胞，偶尔丰富的间质网状网络，和高的TP53基因突变频率。（谁），恶性星形细胞瘤的病理特点是形成多形性细胞，核异型性，少量出血，坏死。他们可能在任何区域的中枢神经系统时，一个大脑半球、好发基底神经节和连合的途径。临床表现最常见于第五、第六个十年，伴有局灶性神经系统体征或癫痫发作。
C0017638	Glioma	EFO_0000326	Benign and malignant central nervous system neoplasms derived from glial cells (i.e., astrocytes, oligodendrocytes, and ependymocytes). Astrocytes may give rise to astrocytomas ( ASTROCYTOMA) or glioblastoma multiforme (see GLIOBLASTOMA). Oligodendrocytes give rise to oligodendrogliomas ( OLIGODENDROGLIOMA) and ependymocytes may undergo transformation to become EPENDYMOMA; CHOROID PLEXUS NEOPLASMS; or colloid cysts of the third ventricle (MeSH)., A primary or metastatic malignant neoplasm involving the brain or spinal cord.  Representative examples include anaplastic astrocytoma, glioblastoma, anaplastic (malignant) meningioma, lymphoma, and metastatic carcinoma from another anatomic site.	良性和恶性中枢神经系统肿瘤起源于神经胶质细胞（星形胶质细胞和少突胶质细胞，即，室管膜细胞）。星形胶质细胞可能引起星形细胞瘤（星形细胞瘤）或多形性胶质母细胞瘤（见胶质母细胞瘤）。少突胶质细胞产生少突胶质细胞（少突胶质细胞瘤、室管膜细胞）可能会成为室管膜瘤转化；脉络丛肿瘤；或第三脑室胶样囊肿（网格），原发性或转移性恶性肿瘤累及脑或脊髓。典型的例子包括间变性星形细胞瘤、胶质母细胞瘤、间变性（恶性）脑膜瘤、淋巴瘤和来自另一解剖部位的转移癌。
C0017689	Glucagonoma	EFO_1000441	A usually malignant, glucagon-producing neuroendocrine tumor arising from the pancreatic alpha cells. It may be associated with necrolytic erythema migrans, diarrhea, diabetes, glossitis, weight loss, malabsorption, and anemia. Almost 25% of patients experience thromboembolic complications, and 50% have liver metastases at the time of diagnosis.	胰α细胞产生的恶性的胰高血糖素产生的神经内分泌肿瘤。这可能与坏死松解性游走性红斑、腹泻、糖尿病、舌炎、减肥、吸收不良有关，与贫血。几乎25%的患者出现血栓栓塞并发症，50%的患者在诊断时有肝转移。
C0017675	Glossitis	EFO_1000951	Inflammation of the tongue.	炎症of the舌。
C0017638	Glioma	EFO_0000520	A benign or malignant brain and spinal cord tumor that arises from glial cells (astrocytes, oligodendrocytes, ependymal cells).  Tumors that arise from astrocytes are called astrocytic tumors or astrocytomas.  Tumors that arise from oligodendrocytes are called oligodendroglial tumors.  Tumors that arise from ependymal cells are called ependymomas.	良性或恶性脑和脊髓肿瘤，起源于神经胶质细胞（星形胶质细胞、少突胶质细胞、室管膜细胞）。由星形胶质细胞引起的肿瘤称为星形细胞瘤或星形细胞瘤。少突胶质细胞发生的肿瘤被称为少突胶质细胞瘤。室管膜细胞形成的肿瘤被称为室管膜瘤。
C0018021	Goiter	EFO_0004283	Enlargement of the THYROID GLAND that may increase from about 20 grams to hundreds of grams in human adults. Goiter is observed in individuals with normal thyroid function (euthyroidism), thyroid deficiency ( HYPOTHYROIDISM), or hormone overproduction ( HYPERTHYROIDISM). Goiter may be congenital or acquired, sporadic or endemic ( GOITER, ENDEMIC).	在人类中甲状腺可能从大约20克增加到几百克。甲状腺肿是甲状腺功能正常的个体中观察到（正常）、甲状腺功能减退（甲减），或激素过量（甲亢）。甲状腺肿可为先天性或后天性、散发性或地方性（甲状腺肿、地方病）。
C0018413	Gynandroblastoma	EFO_0007483	A reproductive organ cancer that is located_in the sex cord-derived tissues of the ovary and testis.	生殖器官癌，located_in性脐带组织的卵巢和睾丸。
C0018800	Cardiomegaly	EFO_0002503	an increase in size of the cardiac tissue, not due to increased cell number	心肌组织大小的增加，而不是由于细胞数量的增加
C0018099	Gout	EFO_0004274	metabolic disorder characterized by recurrent acute arthritis, hyperuricemia and deposition of sodium urate in and around the joints, sometimes with formation of uric acid calculi. Gout his partly genetic.	以复发性急性关节炎、高尿酸血症和关节周围尿酸钠沉积为特征的代谢紊乱，有时伴有尿酸结石形成。痛风部分遗传。
C0018413	Gynandroblastoma	EFO_1000422	A rare neoplasm arising from the ovary. Although it may occur at any age, it is more often seen in young females. Morphologically, it is characterized by a mixture of two cellular populations: well differentiated Sertoli cells and granulosa cells, with the latter constituting at least ten percent of the neoplasm. The vast majority of cases are stage I lesions at presentation and produce either estrogenic or androgenic manifestations. Although it may present as a massive ovarian tumor, it usually follows a benign clinical course. Very rare case reports of testicular lesions morphologically resembling gynandroblastomas are in fact variants of juvenile granulose cell tumor, or Sertoli cell tumor, or a combination of both.	卵巢产生的罕见肿瘤。虽然它可能发生在任何年龄，但它更常见于年轻的女性。形态学上，它的特征是两个细胞群的混合：高分化的Sertoli细胞和颗粒细胞，后者构成至少百分之十的肿瘤。绝大多数情况下是I期病变的表现和产生雌激素或雄激素的表现。虽然它可能是一个巨大的卵巢肿瘤，但它通常遵循一个良性的临床过程。睾丸病变的形态类似gynandroblastomas非常罕见的病例报告是在幼年型颗粒细胞瘤的事实的变体，或Sertoli细胞肿瘤，或两者的组合。
C0018889	Helminthiasis	EFO_1001342	Infestation with parasitic worms of the helminth class.	随着蠕虫类寄生虫的侵扰。
C0019655	Histoplasmosis	EFO_0007310	A primary systemic mycosis that results_in systemic fungal infection, has_material_basis_in Histoplasma capsulatum var capsulatum or has_material_basis_in Histoplasma capsulatum var duboisii, transmitted_by airborne spores and has_symptom nonproductive cough, has_symptom headache, has_symptom loss of appetite and has_symptom muscle pains.	原发性全身性真菌病，results_in全身真菌感染，has_material_basis_in荚膜组织胞浆菌荚膜组织胞浆菌或has_material_basis_in VAR VAR duboisii，transmitted_by空中孢子和has_symptom干咳，has_symptom头痛、食欲和has_symptom肌肉疼痛has_symptom损失。
C0018922	hemangiopericytoma	EFO_0000705	A sarcoma that is composed of spindle cells with a rich vascular network.	由梭形细胞和丰富的血管网组成的肉瘤。
C0018923	Hemangiosarcoma	EFO_0003968	A malignant tumor arising from the endothelial cells of the blood vessels. Microscopically, it is characterized by frequently open vascular anastomosing and branching channels. The malignant cells that line the vascular channels are spindle or epithelioid and often display hyperchromatic nuclei. Angiosarcomas most frequently occur in the skin and breast. Patients with long-standing lymphedema are at increased risk of developing angiosarcoma.	由血管内皮细胞引起的恶性肿瘤。显微镜下，它的特点是频繁开吻合血管和分支通道。该行的血管通道的主轴或上皮样和经常显示核深染的恶性细胞。血管肉瘤最常发生在皮肤、乳腺。长期淋巴水肿的病人患血管肉瘤的风险增加。
C0018924	Hemarthrosis	EFO_1001344	Bleeding into the joints. It may arise from trauma or spontaneously in patients with hemophilia.	关节出血。它可能是由于外伤或自发性血友病患者引起的。
C0020295	Hydronephrosis	EFO_0005562	Collection of urine in the renal pelvis that results in dilatation of the renal pelvis and calyces. It is caused by obstruction of urine flow, nephrolithiasis, or vesicoureteral reflux. Signs and symptoms include flank pain, nausea, vomiting, fever, and dysuria.	在肾盂尿采集导致肾盂、肾盏扩张。它是由尿流梗阻肾结石，或膀胱输尿管返流造成的。症状和体征包括胁痛、恶心、呕吐、发烧和排尿困难。
C0020302	Hydrophthalmos	EFO_1000968	Congenital open-angle glaucoma that results from dysgenesis of the angle structures accompanied by increased intraocular pressure and enlargement of the eye. Treatment is both medical and surgical.	先天性青光眼的角结构伴有眼压升高而增大眼睛的发育不良，结果。治疗包括内科和外科。
C0020437	Hypercalcemia	EFO_0005563	An homeostasis disorder leading to an abnormally increased calcium concentration in the blood.	导致血液中钙浓度异常增加的一种内稳态紊乱。
C0020452	Hyperemia	EFO_0003822	The presence of an increased amount of blood in a body part or an organ leading to congestion or engorgement of blood vessels. Hyperemia can be due to increase of blood flow into the area (active or arterial), or due to obstruction of outflow of blood from the area (passive or venous)., The presence of an increased amount of blood in a part or organ; engorgement.	一个增加量的血液在身体的某一部分或器官导致血管充血或充血的存在。充血是由于增加血液流入地区（主动或动脉），或因流出血液阻塞的区域（被动或静脉），增加血液中的一部分或器官充血的存在。
C0020473	Hyperlipidemia	EFO_0003774	Abnormally high level of lipids in blood., Conditions with excess LIPIDS in the blood.	血液中血脂异常高，血液中脂质过多的情况。
C0020490	Hyperopia	EFO_0006310	.	.
C0020507	Hyperplasia	EFO_0000536	An abnormal increase in the number of cells in an organ or a tissue with consequent enlargement., An abnormal increase in the number of (otherwise normal) cells in an organ or a tissue with consequent enlargement.	器官或组织中细胞数量的不正常增加，随之扩大，器官或组织中（正常的）细胞数量的不正常增加。
C0020517	Hypersensitivity	EFO_0003785	An immune system disease that is an exaggerated immune response to allergens, such as insect venom, dust mites, pollen, pet dander, drugs or some foods., Allergy is any exaggerated immune response to a foreign antigen regardless of mechanism. Thus it includes atopy.Source: Merck Manual, Altered reactivity to an antigen, which can result in pathologic reactions upon subsequent exposure to that particular antigen.	是一种过敏原的过度的免疫反应，免疫系统疾病，如昆虫毒液、尘螨、花粉、宠物皮屑、药物或食物过敏。，任何过度的免疫反应，对外来抗原无论机制。因此，包括特应性。来源：默克手册，改变反应的抗原，可导致病理反应在随后暴露于特定的抗原。
C0020532	Hypersplenism	EFO_1000975	Condition characterized by splenomegaly, some reduction in the number of circulating blood cells in the presence of a normal or hyperactive bone marrow, and the potential for reversal by splenectomy.	脾肿大以脾肿大为特征，在正常或过度活跃的骨髓存在下循环血细胞数量减少，脾切除逆转的潜力。
C0020551	Hyperthyroxinemia	EFO_0004127	Abnormally elevated THYROXINE level in the BLOOD.	血液中甲状腺素水平异常升高。
C0020557	Hypertriglyceridemia	EFO_0004211	A condition of elevated levels of TRIGLYCERIDES in the blood.	血液中甘油三酸酯水平升高的情况。
C0020564	Hypertrophy	EFO_0002460	Hypertrophy is the increase in the volume of an organ or tissue due to the enlargement of its component cells.	肥大是指器官或组织由于其成分细胞的增大而增加的体积。
C0020635	Hypopituitarism	EFO_0001380	A condition of diminution or cessation of secretion of one or more hormones from the anterior pituitary gland. This may result from surgical or radiation ablation, non-secretory pituitary neoplasms, metastatic tumors, infarction, pituitary apoplexy, infiltrative or granulomatous processes, and other conditions., Diminution or cessation of secretion of one or more hormones from the anterior pituitary gland (including LH; FOLLICLE STIMULATING HORMONE; SOMATOTROPIN; and CORTICOTROPIN). This may result from surgical or radiation ablation, non-secretory PITUITARY NEOPLASMS, metastatic tumors, infarction, PITUITARY APOPLEXY, infiltrative or granulomatous processes, and other conditions.	垂体前叶分泌或停止分泌一种或多种激素的状态。这可能是由于手术或放射治疗，非分泌性垂体肿瘤、转移性肿瘤、梗塞、脑垂体、浸润性或肉芽肿性过程，和其他条件，减少或停止一个或多个激素分泌垂体前叶（包括LH；促卵泡激素；生长激素；促肾上腺皮质激素）。这可能是由于外科手术或放射治疗、非分泌性垂体肿瘤、转移性肿瘤、梗死、垂体卒中、浸润性或肉芽肿性的过程以及其他条件引起的。
C0020649	Hypotension	EFO_0005251	Blood pressure that is abnormally low.	血压异常低。
C0242343	Panhypopituitarism	EFO_0001380	A condition of diminution or cessation of secretion of one or more hormones from the anterior pituitary gland. This may result from surgical or radiation ablation, non-secretory pituitary neoplasms, metastatic tumors, infarction, pituitary apoplexy, infiltrative or granulomatous processes, and other conditions., Diminution or cessation of secretion of one or more hormones from the anterior pituitary gland (including LH; FOLLICLE STIMULATING HORMONE; SOMATOTROPIN; and CORTICOTROPIN). This may result from surgical or radiation ablation, non-secretory PITUITARY NEOPLASMS, metastatic tumors, infarction, PITUITARY APOPLEXY, infiltrative or granulomatous processes, and other conditions.	垂体前叶分泌或停止分泌一种或多种激素的状态。这可能是由于手术或放射治疗，非分泌性垂体肿瘤、转移性肿瘤、梗塞、脑垂体、浸润性或肉芽肿性过程，和其他条件，减少或停止一个或多个激素分泌垂体前叶（包括LH；促卵泡激素；生长激素；促肾上腺皮质激素）。这可能是由于外科手术或放射治疗、非分泌性垂体肿瘤、转移性肿瘤、梗死、垂体卒中、浸润性或肉芽肿性的过程以及其他条件引起的。
C0021359	Infertility	EFO_0000545	Inability to reproduce after a specified period of unprotected intercourse. Reproductive sterility is permanent infertility.	在特定时期无保护性交后不能生育。生殖性不孕是永久性不孕。
C0020676	Hypothyroidism	EFO_0004705	A deficiency of thyroid hormone.	甲状腺激素缺乏。
C0729353	Subfertility	EFO_0000545	Inability to reproduce after a specified period of unprotected intercourse. Reproductive sterility is permanent infertility.	在特定时期无保护性交后不能生育。生殖性不孕是永久性不孕。
C0021368	Inflammation	EFO_0003838	A pathological process characterized by injury or destruction of tissues caused by a variety of cytologic and chemical reactions. It is usually manifested by typical signs of pain, heat, redness, swelling, and loss of function.	以各种细胞学和化学反应引起的组织损伤或破坏为特征的病理过程。它通常表现为疼痛、发热、发红、肿胀和功能丧失的典型症状。
C0021400	Influenza	EFO_0007328	A viral infectious disease that results_in infection, located_in respiratory tract, has_material_basis_in Influenzavirus A, has_material_basis_in Influenzavirus B, or has_material_basis_in Influenzavirus C, which are transmitted_by droplet spread of oronasal secretions during coughing, sneezing, or talking from an infected person. It is a highly contagious disease that affects birds and mammals and has_symptom chills, has_symptom fever, has_symptom sore throat, has_symptom runny nose, has_symptom muscle pains, has_symptom severe headache, has_symptom cough, and has_symptom weakness.	一种病毒性传染病，results_in感染，located_in呼吸道，has_material_basis_in甲型流感病毒、乙型流感病毒或流感病毒has_material_basis_in，has_material_basis_in C，这是transmitted_by口鼻分泌物飞沫传播在咳嗽，打喷嚏，或者说从一个被感染的人。它是一种高度传染性疾病，影响鸟类和哺乳动物和has_symptom寒战、发热has_symptom has_symptom，喉咙痛，流鼻涕has_symptom has_symptom，肌肉疼痛，has_symptom剧烈头痛，has_symptom咳嗽，和has_symptom弱点。
C0021400	Influenza	EFO_0001669	An acute viral infection of the respiratory tract, occurring in isolated cases, in epidemics, or in pandemics; it is caused by serologically different strains of viruses (influenzaviruses) designated A, B, and C, has a 3-day incubation period, and usually lasts for 3 to 10 days. It is marked by inflammation of the nasal mucosa, pharynx, and conjunctiva; headache; myalgia; often fever, chills, and prostration; and occasionally involvement of the myocardium or central nervous system.	对急性呼吸道病毒感染，发生在孤立的情况下，在流行或大流行；它是由病毒血清学不同菌株引起的（病毒）指定一个，B，和C，有一个为期3天的潜伏期，通常持续3到10天。它是由鼻黏膜、咽、结膜发炎；头痛；肌肉酸痛；经常发烧，发冷，和衰弱；偶尔参与心肌和中枢神经系统。
C0242723	Parasitemia	EFO_0001067	A successful invasion of a host by an organism that uses the host for food and shelter., A disease by infectious agent that is carried out by parasite which by definition is a pathogen that simultaneously injures and derives sustenance from its host., Infections or infestations with parasitic organisms. They are often contracted through contact with an intermediate vector, but may occur as the result of direct exposure., A systemic infectious disease that is carried out by a parasite which by definition is a pathogen that simultaneously injures and derives sustenance from its host., A disease by infectious agent that is carried out by a parasite which by definition is a pathogen that simultaneously injures and derives sustenance from its host.	一个生物体，使用主机对食物和住所的主机入侵成功，疾病的传染剂，是由寄生虫所下的定义是一种病原体，同时伤害和导出寄托其宿主进行。，感染或寄生虫感染和寄生生物。他们往往是通过一个中间载体联系签约，但是可以直接接触的结果发生，全身性传染病，是由一种寄生虫的定义是一种病原体，同时伤害和导出寄托其宿主进行。，一种疾病的传染因子，是由一种寄生虫的定义一种病原体，同时伤害和寄托与主机进行推导。
C0021670	insulinoma	EFO_0000549	A usually benign, well circumscribed neoplasm arising from the beta cells of the pancreas.  Patients exhibit symptoms related to hypoglycemia due to inappropriate secretion of insulin., A benign tumor of the PANCREATIC BETA CELLS. Insulinoma secretes excess INSULIN resulting in HYPOGLYCEMIA.	通常由胰腺β细胞产生的良性的、界限清楚的肿瘤。由于胰岛素分泌不当，表现出低血糖的症状，胰腺β细胞的良性肿瘤。胰岛素瘤分泌过多的胰岛素导致的低血糖。
C0022116	Ischemia	EFO_0000556	A hypoperfusion of the BLOOD through an organ or tissue caused by a PATHOLOGIC CONSTRICTION or obstruction of its BLOOD VESSELS, or an absence of BLOOD CIRCULATION.	血液由于病理性狭窄或血管阻塞或血液循环缺乏而导致的血液通过器官或组织的低灌注。
C0022408	Arthropathy	EFO_1000999	Any disorder of the joints	关节紊乱
C0022081	Iritis	EFO_1000997	Inflammation of the iris characterized by circumcorneal injection, aqueous flare, keratotic precipitates, and constricted and sluggish pupil along with discoloration of the iris.	的虹膜特征的角膜周围充血、炎症性房水闪光，沉淀，和收缩和懒散的瞳孔随着虹膜变色。
C0022548	Keloid	EFO_0004212	A sharply elevated, irregularly shaped, progressively enlarging scar resulting from formation of excessive amounts of collagen in the dermis during connective tissue repair. It is differentiated from a hypertrophic scar ( CICATRIX, HYPERTROPHIC) in that the former does not spread to surrounding tissues.	在结缔组织修复过程中由于真皮层中大量胶原的形成而导致的严重的、不规则的、逐渐扩大的疤痕。它是从肥厚性疤痕（增生性瘢痕、分化），前者不扩散到周围组织。
C0022610	Kernicterus	EFO_1001002	A term used pathologically to describe BILIRUBIN staining of the BASAL GANGLIA; BRAIN STEM; and CEREBELLUM and clinically to describe a syndrome associated with HYPERBILIRUBINEMIA. Clinical features include athetosis, MUSCLE SPASTICITY or hypotonia, impaired vertical gaze, and DEAFNESS. Nonconjugated bilirubin enters the brain and acts as a neurotoxin, often in association with conditions that impair the BLOOD-BRAIN BARRIER (e.g., SEPSIS). This condition occurs primarily in neonates (INFANT, NEWBORN), but may rarely occur in adults. (Menkes, Textbook of Child Neurology, 5th ed, p613)	一种用来描述基底节、脑干和小脑的胆红素染色的术语，临床上描述一种与高胆红素血症相关的综合征。临床表现为手足徐动症、肌痉挛或肌张力低下，削弱了垂直凝视，耳聋。非共轭胆红素进入大脑，作为一种神经毒素，常与环境损害血脑屏障（如脓毒症）协会。这种情况主要发生在新生儿（婴儿，新生儿），但可能很少发生在成人。（门克斯，教科书儿童神经病学，第五版，p613）
C0022802	Kuru	EFO_1001008	A prion disease found exclusively among the Fore linguistic group natives of the highlands of NEW GUINEA. The illness is primarily restricted to adult females and children of both sexes. It is marked by the subacute onset of tremor and ataxia followed by motor weakness and incontinence. Death occurs within 3-6 months of disease onset. The condition is associated with ritual cannibalism, and has become rare since this practice has been discontinued. Pathologic features include a noninflammatory loss of neurons that is most prominent in the cerebellum, glial proliferation, and amyloid plaques. (From Adams et al., Principles of Neurology, 6th ed, p773)	一种朊病毒病，只存在于新几内亚岛高地的前语言群体中。这种疾病主要局限于成年女性和两性儿童。以亚急性震颤和共济失调为特征，其次是运动无力和尿失禁。死亡发生在发病后3-6个月内。这种情况与仪式性吃人有关，而且由于这种做法已经停止了，所以变得罕见了。病理特点包括非炎症性神经元丧失，在小脑中，最突出的胶质细胞增生，与淀粉样斑块。（亚当斯et al.，神经病学原理，第六版，p773）
C0027720	Nephrosis	EFO_0003086	A disease affecting the kidneys	影响肾脏的疾病
C0022578	Keratoconus	EFO_0004223	A noninflammatory, usually bilateral protrusion of the cornea, the apex being displaced downward and nasally. It occurs most commonly in females at about puberty. The cause is unknown but hereditary factors may play a role. The -conus refers to the cone shape of the corneal protrusion. (From Dorland, 27th ed).	一种非炎症性，通常角膜的两侧伸出，先端被向下移位和鼻。在青春期时最常见于女性。原因不明，但遗传因素可能起作用。-圆锥角膜症指的是锥形的。（Dorland，第二十七版）。
C0022806	Kwashiorkor	EFO_1001009	A syndrome produced by severe protein deficiency, characterized by retarded growth, changes in skin and hair pigment, edema, and pathologic changes in the liver, including fatty infiltration, necrosis, and fibrosis. The word is a local name in Gold Coast, Africa, meaning "displaced child". Although first reported from Africa, kwashiorkor is now known throughout the world, but mainly in the tropics and subtropics. It is considered to be related to marasmus. (From Dorland, 27th ed)	一种由严重的蛋白质缺乏引起的综合征，特征是生长迟缓，皮肤和毛发色素改变，水肿和肝脏的病理变化，包括脂肪浸润、坏死和纤维化。这个词是黄金海岸非洲的本地名，意思是“流离失所的孩子”。虽然第一次从非洲报道，恶性营养不良是现在已知的世界各地，但主要分布于热带和亚热带地区。它被认为是与消瘦。（Dorland，第二十七版）
C0023240	Legionellosis	EFO_0007342	A primary bacterial infectious disease that results_in infection located_in respiratory tract, has_material_basis_in Legionella pneumophila, which is transmitted_by inhalation of droplets containing bacteria. The symptoms include dry cough, fever, headache and diarrhea.	原发性细菌性传染病，results_in located_in呼吸道感染，has_material_basis_in嗜肺军团菌，这是transmitted_by雾滴吸入含菌。症状包括干咳、发烧、头痛和腹泻。
C0023269	leiomyosarcoma	EFO_0000564	A malignant smooth muscle cancer that can arise almost anywhere in the body, but is most common in the uterus, abdomen, or pelvis., An uncommon, aggressive malignant smooth muscle neoplasm, usually occurring in post-menopausal women.  It is characterized by a proliferation of neoplastic spindle cells.  Morphologic variants include epithelioid, granular cell, inflammatory and myxoid leimyosarcomas., A sarcoma containing large spindle cells of smooth muscle. Although it rarely occurs in soft tissue, it is common in the viscera. It is the most common soft tissue sarcoma of the gastrointestinal tract and uterus. The median age of patients is 60 years. (From Dorland, 27th ed; Holland et al., Cancer Medicine, 3d ed, p1865)	一种恶性的平滑的肌肉癌，几乎可以发生在身体的任何部位，但最常见于子宫、腹部或骨盆，是一种罕见的侵袭性恶性平滑肌肿瘤，通常发生于绝经后妇女。其特征是肿瘤梭形细胞增生。形态变异包括上皮样细胞，颗粒细胞，炎症和黏液leimyosarcomas，肉瘤含有平滑肌大梭形细胞。虽然很少发生在软组织中，但在内脏很常见。它是胃肠道和子宫最常见的软组织肉瘤。患者的中位年龄为60岁。（Dorland，第二十七版；荷兰et al.，癌症药物，3版，p1865）
C0023281	Leishmaniasis	EFO_0005044	Leishmaniasis is a disease caused by protozoan parasites that belong to the genus Leishmania and is transmitted by the bite of certain species of sand fly (subfamily Phlebotominae).	利什曼病是由原生动物寄生虫属于虫属引起的疾病，是由叮咬特定种类的砂粉（亚科白蛉亚科）。
C0023343	Leprosy	EFO_0001054	A chronic granulomatous infection caused by MYCOBACTERIUM LEPRAE. The granulomatous lesions are manifested in the skin, the mucous membranes, and the peripheral nerves. Two polar or principal types are lepromatous and tuberculoid.	一个由麻风分枝杆菌引起的慢性肉芽肿性感染。肉芽肿病变表现在皮肤、粘膜和周围神经。两极地或主要类型是麻风和结核。
C0023364	Leptospirosis	EFO_0007344	A primary bacterial infectious disease that involves systemic infection, has_material_basis_in Leptospira, which is transmitted_by contact with water, food, or soil containing urine from the infected animals. The infection has_symptom jaundice, has_symptom chills, has_symptom fever, has_symptom muscle pain, and has_symptom hepatomegaly.	原发性细菌性传染病，包括全身感染，has_material_basis_in钩端螺旋体，这是transmitted_by接触水，食物，或从感染动物的尿中含有的土壤。感染has_symptom黄疸，has_symptom寒战、发热has_symptom has_symptom，肌肉疼痛，和has_symptom肝肿大。
C0023530	Leukopenia	EFO_0004233	decrease in no. of leukocytes	白细胞减少
C0023418	leukemia	EFO_0000565	A malignant (clonal) hematologic disorder, involving hematopoietic stem cells and characterized by the presence of primitive or atypical myeloid or lymphoid cells in the bone marrow and the blood.  Leukemias are classified as acute or chronic based on the degree of cellular differentiation and the predominant cell type present.  Leukemia is usually associated with anemia, fever, hemorrhagic episodes, and splenomegaly.  Common leukemias include acute myeloid leukemia, chronic myelogenous leukemia, acute lymphoblastic or precursor lymphoblastic leukemia, and chronic lymphocytic leukemia.  Treatment is vital to patient survival; untreated, the natural course of acute leukemias is normally measured in weeks or months, while that of chronic leukemias is more often measured in months or years., A progressive, malignant disease of the blood-forming organs, characterized by distorted proliferation and development of leukocytes and their precursors in the blood and bone marrow. Leukemias were originally termed acute or chronic based on life expectancy but now are classified according to cellular maturity. Acute leukemias consist of predominately immature cells; chronic leukemias are composed of more mature cells. (From The Merck Manual, 2006), A cancer that affects the blood or bone marrow characterized by an abnormal proliferation of blood cells.	造血干细胞一种恶性（克隆性）血液系统疾病，其特征是骨髓和血液中存在原始或非典型的髓系或淋巴样细胞。白血病根据细胞分化程度和存在的主要细胞类型而分为急性或慢性。白血病通常伴有贫血、发热、出血和脾肿大。常见白血病包括急性髓系白血病、慢性粒细胞白血病、急性淋巴细胞性白血病或前体淋巴细胞白血病、慢性淋巴细胞白血病。治疗是患者生存的关键；治疗，急性白血病的自然病程通常是在几个星期或几个月来衡量的，而慢性白血病往往是在几个月或几年来衡量的。，渐进的造血器官的恶性疾病，特点是扭曲的增殖和发展白细胞及其前体在血液和骨髓。Leukemias最初被称为急性或慢性的预期寿命，但现在根据细胞成熟度分类。急性白血病主要由未成熟细胞组成，慢性白血病由成熟细胞组成。（来自默克公司的手册，2006），一种影响血液或骨髓的癌症，其特征是血细胞异常增生。
C0205822	Hibernoma	EFO_0000759	A benign, usually painless, well-circumscribed lipomatous tumor composed of adipose tissue.	一种良性的，通常是无痛的，界限清楚的脂肪瘤由脂肪组织。
C0023827	liposarcoma	EFO_0000569	A malignant tumor derived from primitive or embryonal lipoblastic cells. It may be composed of well-differentiated fat cells or may be dedifferentiated: myxoid (LIPOSARCOMA, MYXOID), round-celled, or pleomorphic, usually in association with a rich network of capillaries. Recurrences are common and dedifferentiated liposarcomas metastasize to the lungs or serosal surfaces. (From Dorland, 27th ed; Stedman, 25th ed), A usually painless malignant tumor that arises from adipose tissue.  Microscopically, it may contain a spectrum of neoplastic adipocytes ranging from lipoblasts to pleomorphic malignant adipocytes.  Representative morphologic variants include: well differentiated, dedifferentiated, pleomorphic, and myxoid/round cell liposarcoma.  The metastatic potential is higher in less differentiated tumors., A malignant lipomatous neoplasm that arises in fat cells in deep soft tissue retroperitoneum.	恶性肿瘤来源于原始细胞或胚胎lipoblastic。它可能由分化的脂肪细胞也可以分化：黏液样（脂肪肉瘤，黏液样），圆形细胞，或多形性，通常具有丰富的毛细血管网协会。复发是常见的，去分化脂肪肉瘤转移至肺部或浆膜表面。（Dorland，第二十七版；Stedman，第二十五版），通常是无痛性的恶性肿瘤，是由脂肪组织。显微镜下，它可能包含一个谱肿瘤脂肪细胞从脂肪细胞向脂肪细胞的多形性恶性。典型的形态学变异包括：高分化，去分化，多形性，和黏液样/圆细胞型脂肪肉瘤。转移潜能是低分化的肿瘤，恶性脂肪瘤性肿瘤高，在深部软组织出现腹膜后脂肪细胞。
C0023798	Lipoma	EFO_0000759	A benign, usually painless, well-circumscribed lipomatous tumor composed of adipose tissue.	一种良性的，通常是无痛的，界限清楚的脂肪瘤由脂肪组织。
C0023860	Listeriosis	EFO_0007347	A primary bacterial infectious disease that results_in infection, has_material_basis_in Listeria monocytogenes, which is transmitted_by ingestion of contaminated food or raw milk or transmitted_by congenital method. Ingestion of Listeria by pregnant women has_symptom nausea, has_symptom vomiting, has_symptom diarrhea, has_symptom fever, has_symptom malaise, has_symptom back pain, and has_symptom headache. Maternal infection with Listeria can result in chorioamnionitis, premature labor, spontaneous abortion, or stillbirth.	原发性细菌性传染病，results_in感染，has_material_basis_in李斯特菌，这是transmitted_by摄入受污染的食品或原料奶或transmitted_by先天性方法。孕妇has_symptom恶心，摄入单has_symptom呕吐，has_symptom腹泻，has_symptom发烧，has_symptom萎靡不振，has_symptom背痛，头痛和has_symptom。李斯特母体感染可导致绒毛膜羊膜炎、早产、流产或死胎。
C0024167	Luteoma	EFO_1000434	A benign ovarian stromal tumor in which more than 90% of the tumor cells resemble steroid hormone-secreting cells. Crystals of Reinke are not present. It occurs in post-menopausal women and it is usually associated with estrogenic effects.	良性卵巢间质瘤，其中超过90%的肿瘤细胞与类固醇激素分泌细胞相似。Reinke结晶是不存在的。它发生在绝经后妇女，通常与雌激素作用有关。
C0024214	Lymphangiectasis	EFO_1001025	A transient dilatation of the lymphatic vessels.	淋巴管的短暂扩张。
C0024221	Lymphangioma	EFO_1001026	A benign tumor resulting from a congenital malformation of the lymphatic system. Lymphangioendothelioma is a type of lymphangioma in which endothelial cells are the dominant component.	淋巴管瘤先天性淋巴系统畸形引起的良性肿瘤。淋巴管内皮瘤是一种类型的淋巴管瘤，血管内皮细胞的主要组成部分。
C0024224	lymphangiosarcoma	EFO_1000339	A malignant neoplasm arising from the endothelial cells of the lymphatic vessels.	淋巴管内皮细胞产生的恶性肿瘤。
C0024299	Lymphoma	EFO_0000574	A cancer that affects lymphocytes that reside in the lymphatic system and in blood-forming organs., A general term for various neoplastic diseases of the lymphoid tissue., Any of a group of malignant tumors of lymphoid tissue that differ from HODGKIN DISEASE, being more heterogeneous with respect to malignant cell lineage, clinical course, prognosis, and therapy. The only common feature among these tumors is the absence of giant REED-STERNBERG CELLS, a characteristic of Hodgkin's disease., A malignant (clonal) proliferation of B- lymphocytes or T- lymphocytes which involves the lymph nodes, bone marrow and/or extranodal sites.  This category includes Non-Hodgkin lymphomas and Hodgkin lymphomas.	癌症的影响，居住在淋巴系统和造血器官的淋巴细胞，对淋巴组织各种肿瘤性疾病的总称，任何一组淋巴组织不同于霍奇金病，恶性肿瘤，更与恶性细胞系、临床过程、预后和治疗。唯一的共同特征，在这些肿瘤是巨大的reed-sternberg细胞缺失，霍奇金病的一个特征，恶性（克隆）B淋巴细胞和T淋巴细胞包括淋巴结增生，骨髓和/或结外部位。这一类包括非霍奇金淋巴瘤和Hodgkin lymphomas。
C0024302	Reticulosarcoma	EFO_0000403	A non-Hodgkin lymphoma characterized by a diffuse proliferation of predominantly large neoplastic B lymphocytes.  It is the most frequently seen type of non-Hodgkin lymphoma, representing 30%-40% of the cases.  Morphologic variants include centroblastic lymphoma, immunoblastic lymphoma, and anaplastic lymphoma.  Subtypes/entities include T-cell/histiocyte rich large B-cell lymphoma, primary diffuse large B-cell lymphoma of the central nervous system, plasmablastic lymphoma, primary cutaneous diffuse large B-cell lymphoma, leg type, and ALK-positive large B-cell lymphoma., Malignant lymphoma composed of large B lymphoid cells whose nuclear size can exceed normal macrophage nuclei, or more than twice the size of a normal lymphocyte. The pattern is predominantly diffuse. Most of these lymphomas represent the malignant counterpart of B-lymphocytes at midstage in the process of differentiation.	一种非霍奇金淋巴瘤，以大量的肿瘤B淋巴细胞扩散扩散为特征。它是最常见的非霍奇金淋巴瘤类型，占病例的30% - 40%。形态学变化包括中心母细胞淋巴瘤，免疫母细胞淋巴瘤、间变性淋巴瘤。亚型/实体包括富于T细胞/组织细胞的大B细胞淋巴瘤，原发性弥漫性大B细胞淋巴瘤的中枢神经系统，细胞淋巴瘤、原发性皮肤弥漫性大B细胞淋巴瘤，腿型，和ALK阳性的大B细胞淋巴瘤，恶性淋巴瘤分为大B淋巴细胞核大小的可超过正常巨噬细胞的细胞核，或超过两个正常淋巴细胞的大小。该模式主要是弥漫性的。大多数这些淋巴瘤是在分化过程的中期B淋巴细胞恶性。
C0024302	Reticulosarcoma	EFO_0000574	A cancer that affects lymphocytes that reside in the lymphatic system and in blood-forming organs., A general term for various neoplastic diseases of the lymphoid tissue., Any of a group of malignant tumors of lymphoid tissue that differ from HODGKIN DISEASE, being more heterogeneous with respect to malignant cell lineage, clinical course, prognosis, and therapy. The only common feature among these tumors is the absence of giant REED-STERNBERG CELLS, a characteristic of Hodgkin's disease., A malignant (clonal) proliferation of B- lymphocytes or T- lymphocytes which involves the lymph nodes, bone marrow and/or extranodal sites.  This category includes Non-Hodgkin lymphomas and Hodgkin lymphomas.	癌症的影响，居住在淋巴系统和造血器官的淋巴细胞，对淋巴组织各种肿瘤性疾病的总称，任何一组淋巴组织不同于霍奇金病，恶性肿瘤，更与恶性细胞系、临床过程、预后和治疗。唯一的共同特征，在这些肿瘤是巨大的reed-sternberg细胞缺失，霍奇金病的一个特征，恶性（克隆）B淋巴细胞和T淋巴细胞包括淋巴结增生，骨髓和/或结外部位。这一类包括非霍奇金淋巴瘤和Hodgkin lymphomas。
C0024302	Reticulosarcoma	EFO_0001642	Malignant lymphoma composed of large B lymphoid cells whose nuclear size can exceed normal macrophage nuclei, or more than twice the size of a normal lymphocyte. The pattern is predominantly diffuse. Most of these lymphomas represent the malignant counterpart of B-lymphocytes at midstage in the process of differentiation.	由大B淋巴细胞组成的恶性淋巴瘤，其核大小可以超过正常的巨噬细胞核，或是正常淋巴细胞的两倍多。该模式主要是弥漫性的。大多数这些淋巴瘤是在分化过程的中期B淋巴细胞恶性。
C0024302	Reticulosarcoma	EFO_0005287	A malignant tumor in the reticulum connective tissue.	网状结缔组织中的恶性肿瘤。
C0024449	Mycetoma	EFO_0007265	A dermatomycosis that effects skin and subcutaneous tissue located_in foot, located_in trunk, located_in buttocks, located_in eyelids, located_in lacrimal glands, located_in paranasal sinuses, located_in mandible, located_in scalp, located_in neck, located_in perineum, or located_in testes and has_symptom sinus discharge and results_in_formation_of nodules.	一种皮肤真菌病，影响皮肤和皮下组织located_in脚，located_in树干，located_in臀部，located_in located_in眼睑、泪腺，located_in鼻窦，located_in下颌骨，located_in头皮，located_in脖子，located_in会阴，或located_in睾丸和has_symptom窦放电和results_in_formation_of结节。
C2350619	Maduromycosis	EFO_0007265	A dermatomycosis that effects skin and subcutaneous tissue located_in foot, located_in trunk, located_in buttocks, located_in eyelids, located_in lacrimal glands, located_in paranasal sinuses, located_in mandible, located_in scalp, located_in neck, located_in perineum, or located_in testes and has_symptom sinus discharge and results_in_formation_of nodules.	一种皮肤真菌病，影响皮肤和皮下组织located_in脚，located_in树干，located_in臀部，located_in located_in眼睑、泪腺，located_in鼻窦，located_in下颌骨，located_in头皮，located_in脖子，located_in会阴，或located_in睾丸和has_symptom窦放电和results_in_formation_of结节。
C2350621	Eumycetoma	EFO_0007265	A dermatomycosis that effects skin and subcutaneous tissue located_in foot, located_in trunk, located_in buttocks, located_in eyelids, located_in lacrimal glands, located_in paranasal sinuses, located_in mandible, located_in scalp, located_in neck, located_in perineum, or located_in testes and has_symptom sinus discharge and results_in_formation_of nodules.	一种皮肤真菌病，影响皮肤和皮下组织located_in脚，located_in树干，located_in臀部，located_in located_in眼睑、泪腺，located_in鼻窦，located_in下颌骨，located_in头皮，located_in脖子，located_in会阴，或located_in睾丸和has_symptom窦放电和results_in_formation_of结节。
C0024894	Mastitis	EFO_1001034	INFLAMMATION of the BREAST, or MAMMARY GLAND.	乳房或乳房的炎症。
C0024530	Malaria	EFO_0001068	A protozoan infection caused by the genus Plasmodium. There are four species of Plasmodium that can infect humans: Plasmodium falciparum, vivax, ovale, and malariae. It is transmitted to humans by infected mosquitoes. Signs and symptoms include paroxysmal high fever, sweating, chills, and anemia., Malaria is a parasitic disease characterized as a vector-borne arthropod infectious acute or chronic disease caused by the presence of sporozoan parasites of the genus Plasmodium in the red blood cells, transmitted from an infected to an uninfected individual by the bite of anopheline mosquitoes, and characterized by periodic attacks of chills and fever that coincide with mass destruction of blood cells and the release of toxic substances by the parasite at the end of each reproductive cycle. Occurrance is widespread in tropical and subtropical regions, including parts of the Americas, Asia, and Africa., An Aconoidasida infectious disease characterized as a vector-borne infectious disease caused by the presence of protozoan parasites of the genus Plasmodium in the red blood cells, transmitted from an infected to an uninfected individual by the bite of anopheline mosquitoes, and characterized by periodic attacks of chills and fever that coincide with mass destruction of blood cells and the release of toxic substances by the parasite at the end of each reproductive cycle., A protozoan disease caused in humans by four species of the PLASMODIUM genus: PLASMODIUM FALCIPARUM; PLASMODIUM VIVAX; PLASMODIUM OVALE; and PLASMODIUM MALARIAE; and transmitted by the bite of an infected female mosquito of the genus ANOPHELES. Malaria is endemic in parts of Asia, Africa, Central and South America, Oceania, and certain Caribbean islands. It is characterized by extreme exhaustion associated with paroxysms of high FEVER; SWEATING; shaking CHILLS; and ANEMIA. Malaria in ANIMALS is caused by other species of plasmodia.	由疟原虫属引起的原生动物感染。有四种可以感染人类的疟原虫，恶性疟原虫，间日疟原虫，卵形疟原虫：疟原虫，和。它通过受感染的蚊子传染给人类。迹象和症状包括突发高热、出汗、畏寒、贫血，疟疾是一种寄生虫病的特点是作为一个媒介节肢动物传染的急性或慢性的红血细胞中的疟原虫孢子虫寄生虫引起的疾病，由按蚊叮咬从感染者传播到未感染的个体，由寒战和发热，血细胞大量破坏，释放的有毒物质的寄生虫在每个繁殖周期结束相吻合的周期性发作。发生在热带和亚热带地区广泛，包括美国，亚洲，和非洲，An Aconoidasida传染病等虫媒传染病在红血细胞中的疟原虫属原生动物寄生虫引起的，通过按蚊的蚊子叮咬受感染传播给未感染的个体，和由寒战和发热，血细胞大量破坏和释放的有毒物质的寄生虫在每个繁殖周期结束相吻合的周期性发作，四种疟原虫属原生动物引起人类疾病：恶性疟原虫；间日疟原虫和恶性疟原虫疟疾；；e，并由被感染的按蚊的雌性蚊子叮咬传播。疟疾在亚洲、非洲、中部和南美洲、大洋洲和某些加勒比海岛屿地区流行。它的特点是极度疲惫的高热发作有关；出汗；寒战；贫血。疟疾是由其他物种动物疟原虫引起的。
C0024899	Mastocytosis	EFO_1001229	The most common form of cutaneous mastocytosis (MASTOCYTOSIS, CUTANEOUS) that occurs primarily in children. It is characterized by the multiple small reddish-brown pigmented pruritic macules and papules.	皮肤肥大细胞增多症最常见的形式（肥大细胞增多症，主要发生在儿童的皮肤）。它的特点是由多个小的红褐色的色素性斑疹和丘疹。
C0025286	Meningioma	EFO_0003098	A tumor of meningothelial cells that are manifested in the central nervous system and arise from the arachnoid "cap" cells of the arachnoid villi in the meninges.	一个上皮细胞，表现在中枢神经系统，引起蛛网膜”在脑蛛网膜绒毛帽”细胞肿瘤。
C0205833	Medullomyoblastoma	EFO_0002939	A malignant neoplasm that may be classified either as a glioma or as a primitive neuroectodermal tumor of childhood (see NEUROECTODERMAL TUMOR, PRIMITIVE). The tumor occurs most frequently in the first decade of life with the most typical location being the cerebellar vermis. Histologic features include a high degree of cellularity, frequent mitotic figures, and a tendency for the cells to organize into sheets or form rosettes. Medulloblastoma have a high propensity to spread throughout the craniospinal intradural axis. (From DeVita et al., Cancer: Principles and Practice of Oncology, 5th ed, pp2060-1), A malignant, invasive embryonal neoplasm arising from the cerebellum. It occurs predominantly in children and has the tendency to metastasize via the cerebrospinal fluid pathways. Signs and symptoms include truncal ataxia, disturbed gait, lethargy, headache, and vomiting. There are four histologic variants: classic medulloblastoma, desmoplastic medulloblastoma, large cell medulloblastoma, and medulloblastoma with extensive nodularity and advanced neuronal differentiation. (from NCI Thesuarus)	一种恶性肿瘤，可分为胶质瘤或作为一个原始神经外胚层肿瘤（童年看到原始神经外胚层肿瘤）。肿瘤最常发生在生命的第一个十年最典型的部位是小脑蚓部。组织学特征包括高度的细胞构成，核分裂频繁，并倾向的细胞组织成薄片或结。髓母细胞瘤有较高的倾向蔓延到整个脑脊髓硬膜内轴。（从德维塔et al.，癌肿瘤：原理与实践，第五版，pp2060-1），恶性肿瘤，侵袭性胚胎小脑产生。它主要发生在儿童和通过脑脊液途径转移的趋势。迹象和症状包括躯干共济失调，步态失调、嗜睡、头痛、呕吐。有四个组织学变异：典型髓母细胞瘤、髓母细胞瘤增生，大细胞型，并具有广泛的结节和先进的神经元分化的髓母细胞瘤。（从NCI thesuarus）
C0024902	Mastodynia	EFO_1001366	Pain in the breast generally classified as cyclical (associated with menstrual periods), or noncyclical, i.e. originating from the breast or nearby muscles or joints, ranging from minor discomfort to severely incapacitating.	在乳房疼痛一般分为周期性（月经期有关），或非周期性，即从乳腺或附近的肌肉和关节，从轻微的不适严重致残。
C0025149	Medulloblastoma	EFO_0002939	A malignant neoplasm that may be classified either as a glioma or as a primitive neuroectodermal tumor of childhood (see NEUROECTODERMAL TUMOR, PRIMITIVE). The tumor occurs most frequently in the first decade of life with the most typical location being the cerebellar vermis. Histologic features include a high degree of cellularity, frequent mitotic figures, and a tendency for the cells to organize into sheets or form rosettes. Medulloblastoma have a high propensity to spread throughout the craniospinal intradural axis. (From DeVita et al., Cancer: Principles and Practice of Oncology, 5th ed, pp2060-1), A malignant, invasive embryonal neoplasm arising from the cerebellum. It occurs predominantly in children and has the tendency to metastasize via the cerebrospinal fluid pathways. Signs and symptoms include truncal ataxia, disturbed gait, lethargy, headache, and vomiting. There are four histologic variants: classic medulloblastoma, desmoplastic medulloblastoma, large cell medulloblastoma, and medulloblastoma with extensive nodularity and advanced neuronal differentiation. (from NCI Thesuarus)	一种恶性肿瘤，可分为胶质瘤或作为一个原始神经外胚层肿瘤（童年看到原始神经外胚层肿瘤）。肿瘤最常发生在生命的第一个十年最典型的部位是小脑蚓部。组织学特征包括高度的细胞构成，核分裂频繁，并倾向的细胞组织成薄片或结。髓母细胞瘤有较高的倾向蔓延到整个脑脊髓硬膜内轴。（从德维塔et al.，癌肿瘤：原理与实践，第五版，pp2060-1），恶性肿瘤，侵袭性胚胎小脑产生。它主要发生在儿童和通过脑脊液途径转移的趋势。迹象和症状包括躯干共济失调，步态失调、嗜睡、头痛、呕吐。有四个组织学变异：典型髓母细胞瘤、髓母细胞瘤增生，大细胞型，并具有广泛的结节和先进的神经元分化的髓母细胞瘤。（从NCI thesuarus）
C0025289	Meningitis	EFO_0000584	A disorder characterized by acute inflammation of the meninges of the brain and/or spinal cord., Inflammation of the meninges of the brain and/or spinal cord caused by an infectious agent (viral, bacterial, or fungal). Symptoms include headache, fever, vomiting, neck stiffness, photophobia, confusion, and seizures., Meningitis is a nervous system infectious disease characterized as an inflammation of the pia-arachnoid meninges. It can be caused by growth of bacteria, fungi, or parasites within the subarachnoid space or by the growth of bacteria or viruses within the meningeal or ependymal cells. Meningitis is a diffuse infection caused by a variety of different agents.	通过对脑和/或脊髓脑膜的急性炎症疾病，对传染性病原体引起的脑和/或脊髓脑膜的炎症（病毒，细菌，真菌）。症状包括头痛、发热、呕吐、颈项强直、畏光，混乱，和癫痫发作，脑膜炎是中枢神经系统感染性疾病的特征为蛛网膜脑膜的炎症。它可以生长的细菌，真菌或寄生虫引起的，蛛网膜下腔内或在脑膜或室管膜细胞的细菌或病毒的生长。脑膜炎是由多种不同的病原体引起的弥漫性感染。
C0025309	Meningoencephalitis	EFO_0007364	A central nervous system disease that involves encephalitis which occurs along with meningitis.	脑炎伴随脑膜炎而发生的中枢神经系统疾病。
C0025312	Meningomyelocele	EFO_1001369	Congenital, or rarely acquired, herniation of meningeal and spinal cord tissue through a bony defect in the vertebral column. The majority of these defects occur in the lumbosacral region. Clinical features include PARAPLEGIA, loss of sensation in the lower body, and incontinence. This condition may be associated with the ARNOLD-CHIARI MALFORMATION and HYDROCEPHALUS. (From Joynt, Clinical Neurology, 1992, Ch55, pp35-6)	脊柱骨缺损的脑膜或脊髓组织的先天性或很少获得性疝。这些缺陷大多发生在腰骶部。临床表现包括截瘫、下身感觉丧失和失禁。这种情况可能与arnold-chiari畸形和脑积水相关。（从Joynt，临床神经病学，1992，ch55，pp35-6）
C0025323	Menorrhagia	EFO_0003945	Excessive uterine bleeding during MENSTRUATION.	月经过多子宫出血。
C0025500	Mesothelioma	EFO_0000588	A tumor derived from mesothelial tissue (peritoneum, pleura, pericardium). It appears as broad sheets of cells, with some regions containing spindle-shaped, sarcoma-like cells and other regions showing adenomatous patterns. Pleural mesotheliomas have been linked to exposure to asbestos. (Dorland, 27th ed), A usually malignant and aggressive neoplasm of the mesothelium which is often associated with exposure to asbestos.	间皮瘤由间皮组织（腹膜、胸膜、心包）形成的肿瘤。它表现为广泛的细胞，一些区域包含梭形、肉瘤样细胞和其他区域显示腺瘤样的模式。胸膜间皮瘤已与暴露于石棉。（Dorland，第二十七版），通常是恶性间皮是经常暴露于石棉相关肿瘤和侵袭性。
C0030489	Paraproteinemias	EFO_0000203	A plasma cell disorder in which an abnormal amount of a single immunoglobulin is present in the serum. Up to 25% of cases of monoclonal gammopathy of undetermined significance (MGUS) progress to a B-cell malignancy or myeloma. MGUS may occur in conjunction with various carcinomas, chronic inflammatory and infectious conditions, and other diseases.	浆细胞病一种浆细胞病，血清中有一种异常的免疫球蛋白。到意义不明的单克隆丙种球蛋白病（MGUS）25%例，进展为B细胞恶性肿瘤或多发性骨髓瘤。MGUS可能与各种癌同时发生，慢性炎症和感染性疾病，和其他疾病。
C0026848	Myopathy	EFO_0002970	Myopathy is a peripheral nervous system disease consisting of any abnormal condition or disease of the muscular tissues; commonly designates a disorder involving skeletal muscle., Acquired, familial, and congenital disorders of SKELETAL MUSCLE and SMOOTH MUSCLE., A muscular disease in which the muscle fibers do not function resulting in muscular weakness.	肌病是一种外周神经系统疾病包括任何异常情况或疾病的肌肉组织；通常指定一个障碍涉及骨骼肌，收购，家族，与骨骼肌、平滑肌的先天性疾病，肌肉疾病，肌纤维不功能导致肌肉无力。
C0026848	Myopathy	EFO_0004145	A muscular disease in which the muscle fibers do not function resulting in muscular weakness.	肌肉纤维不起作用导致肌肉无力的肌肉疾病。
C0026010	Microphthalmos	EFO_0005569	An eye disease where one or both eyeballs are abnormally small.	一个或两个眼球异常小的眼病。
C0027092	Myopia	EFO_0003927	A refractive error in which rays of light entering the EYE parallel to the optic axis are brought to a focus in front of the RETINA when accommodation (ACCOMMODATION, OCULAR) is relaxed. This results from an overly curved CORNEA or from the eyeball being too long from front to back. It is also called nearsightedness.	当调节（调节、眼睛）放松时，光线进入眼睛平行于光轴的光线的折射误差被带到视网膜前面的焦点。这是由于过度弯曲的角膜或眼球从前面到后面太长而造成的。它也被称为近视。
C0027095	Myosarcoma	EFO_0007384	A musculoskeletal system cancer that is located_in muscle.	肌肉骨骼系统肿瘤，located_in肌。
C0027121	Myositis	EFO_0000783	Inflammation of a muscle or muscle tissue., An inflammatory process affecting the skeletal muscles. Causes include infections, injuries, and autoimmune disorders.	肌肉或肌肉组织的炎症，一种影响骨骼肌的炎症过程。病因包括感染、损伤和自身免疫性疾病。
C0027145	Myxedema	EFO_1001055	A condition characterized by a dry, waxy type of swelling (EDEMA) with abnormal deposits of MUCOPOLYSACCHARIDES in the SKIN and other tissues. It is caused by a deficiency of THYROID HORMONES. The skin becomes puffy around the eyes and on the cheeks. The face is dull and expressionless with thickened nose and lips.	一个由干燥的条件下，蜡型肿胀（水肿）和异常粘多糖沉积在皮肤和其他组织。它是由甲状腺激素缺乏引起的。皮肤在眼睛和脸颊周围变得浮肿。面对的是枯燥和毫无表情的厚嘴唇和鼻子。
C0027149	Myxoma	EFO_1000087	A benign soft tissue neoplasm characterized by the presence of neoplastic spindle and stellate cells in a myxoid stroma.	良性软组织肿瘤由梭形瘤、黏液质星状细胞的存在。
C0206660	Germinoma	EFO_0000514	A cancer that is derived_from germ cells., Neoplasms composed of primordial GERM CELLS of embryonic GONADS or of elements of the germ layers of the EMBRYO, MAMMALIAN. The concept does not refer to neoplasms located in the gonads or present in an embryo or FETUS.	癌症是derived_from生殖细胞，由胚胎性腺的原始生殖细胞的胚胎的胚层成分肿瘤，哺乳动物。这个概念并不是指位于性腺或胚胎或胎儿中的肿瘤。
C0027708	Nephroblastoma	EFO_0000212	A malignant mixed tumor that affects the kidneys and typically occurs in children., A malignant kidney tumor, caused by the uncontrolled multiplication of renal stem (blastemal), stromal (STROMAL CELLS), and epithelial (EPITHELIAL CELLS) elements. However, not all three are present in every case. Several genes or chromosomal areas have been associated with Wilms tumor which is usually found in childhood as a firm lump in a child's side or ABDOMEN., A malignant mixed tumor that affects the kidneys and typically located_in children.	恶性混合瘤，影响肾脏和通常发生在儿童，恶性肾肿瘤，肾不受控制的增殖引起的干（胚芽），基质（基质细胞），上皮细胞（上皮细胞）的元素。然而，并非所有三个都存在于每一个案例中。几个基因或染色体区域已与肾母细胞瘤通常是在童年在孩子的身边或腹部肿块相关的公司，一个恶性混合瘤，影响肾脏和通常located_in儿童。
C0027708	Nephroblastoma	EFO_1000056	An embryonal neoplasm characterized by the presence of epithelial, mesenchymal, and blastema components. The vast majority of cases arise from the kidney. A small number of cases with morphologic features resembling Wilms tumor of the kidney have been reported arising from the ovary and the cervix	胚胎性肿瘤由上皮、间质的存在，和胚基成分。绝大多数病例是由肾脏引起的。少数形态特征类似于肾母细胞瘤的病例报道卵巢和宫颈产生
C0027719	Nephrosclerosis	EFO_1000041	Hardening of the walls of the small arteries and arterioles (small arteries that convey blood from arteries to the even smaller capillaries) of the kidney. This condition is caused by hypertension (high blood pressure)	小动脉和小动脉壁的硬化（从动脉输送血液到更小的毛细血管）的小动脉。这种情况是由高血压（高血压）引起的。
C0027773	Nesidioblastosis	EFO_0007318	A carbohydrate metabolic disorder that involves low blood glucose resulting from an excess of insulin.	碳水化合物代谢紊乱，由胰岛素过量引起的低血糖引起。
C0027809	Neurilemmoma	EFO_0000693	A neoplasm that arises from SCHWANN CELLS of the cranial, peripheral, and autonomic nerves. Clinically, these tumors may present as a cranial neuropathy, abdominal or soft tissue mass, intracranial lesion, or with spinal cord compression. Histologically, these tumors are encapsulated, highly vascular, and composed of a homogenous pattern of biphasic fusiform-shaped cells that may have a palisaded appearance (MeSH)., A benign, usually encapsulated slow growing tumor of the peripheral nervous system composed of well differentiated Schwann cells.  It recurs infrequently and only rare cases associated with malignant transformation have been reported., A neoplasm that arises from SCHWANN CELLS of the cranial, peripheral, and autonomic nerves. Clinically, these tumors may present as a cranial neuropathy, abdominal or soft tissue mass, intracranial lesion, or with spinal cord compression. Histologically, these tumors are encapsulated, highly vascular, and composed of a homogenous pattern of biphasic fusiform-shaped cells that may have a palisaded appearance. (From DeVita Jr et al., Cancer: Principles and Practice of Oncology, 5th ed, pp964-5), A tumor of the peripheral nervous system composed of neoplastic Schwann cells.  The vast majority of schwannomas follow a benign clinical course.  Only rare cases associated with a malignant clinical course have been reported.	由颅、外周神经和自主神经的雪旺氏细胞产生的肿瘤。临床上，这些肿瘤可表现为颅神经病变、腹部或软组织肿块、颅内病变或脊髓压迫。组织学上，这些肿瘤是封装的，高度血管，和由一个均匀的双梭形细胞，可能有一个栅栏状外观模式（网），一种良性的，通常封装由分化良好的雪旺氏细胞的外周神经系统的生长缓慢的肿瘤。它的复发与恶变很少，只有极少数情况下，相关的报道，肿瘤来源于雪旺细胞的头颅，外设，和自主神经。临床上，这些肿瘤可表现为颅神经病变、腹部或软组织肿块、颅内病变或脊髓压迫。组织学上，这些肿瘤是封装的，高度血管，和由一个均匀的双梭形细胞，可能有一个栅栏状的外观图案。（DeVita Jr et al.，癌肿瘤：原理与实践，第五版，pp964-5），一个由肿瘤细胞周围神经系统肿瘤。神经鞘瘤的绝大多数遵循一个良性的临床过程。只有罕见的病例与恶性临床病程有关。
C0027819	Neuroblastoma	EFO_0000621	A neuroblastic tumor characterized by the presence of neuroblastic cells, the absence of ganglion cells, and the absence of a prominent Schwannian stroma formation., A common neoplasm of early childhood arising from neural crest cells in the sympathetic nervous system, and characterized by diverse clinical behavior, ranging from spontaneous remission to rapid metastatic progression and death. This tumor is the most common intraabdominal malignancy of childhood, but it may also arise from thorax, neck, or rarely occur in the central nervous system. Histologic features include uniform round cells with hyperchromatic nuclei arranged in nests and separated by fibrovascular septa. Neuroblastomas may be associated with the opsoclonus-myoclonus syndrome (MeSH)., A common neoplasm of early childhood arising from neural crest cells in the sympathetic nervous system, and characterized by diverse clinical behavior, ranging from spontaneous remission to rapid metastatic progression and death. This tumor is the most common intraabdominal malignancy of childhood, but it may also arise from thorax, neck, or rarely occur in the central nervous system. Histologic features include uniform round cells with hyperchromatic nuclei arranged in nests and separated by fibrovascular septa. Neuroblastomas may be associated with the opsoclonus-myoclonus syndrome. (From DeVita et al., Cancer: Principles and Practice of Oncology, 5th ed, pp2099-2101; Curr Opin Oncol 1998 Jan;10(1):43-51)	一个神经母细胞肿瘤为特征的神经母细胞的存在，缺乏神经节细胞，并没有形成一个突出的schwannian的基质，一个幼儿在交感神经系统的神经嵴细胞产生的常见的恶性肿瘤，具有不同的临床表现，从自发缓解快速转移的进展和死亡。这个肿瘤是儿童期最常见的腹腔内恶性肿瘤，但它也可能来自于胸部、颈部，或很少发生在中枢神经系统。组织学特征包括均匀的圆形细胞排列呈巢状，核深染的纤维血管分隔。神经母细胞瘤可能与眼阵挛-肌阵挛综合征相关（网），一个幼儿在交感神经系统的神经嵴细胞产生的常见的恶性肿瘤，具有不同的临床表现，从自发缓解快速转移的进展和死亡。这个肿瘤是儿童期最常见的腹腔内恶性肿瘤，但它也可能来自于胸部、颈部，或很少发生在中枢神经系统。组织学特征包括均匀的圆形细胞排列呈巢状，核深染的纤维血管分隔。神经母细胞瘤可能与眼阵挛-肌阵挛综合征相关。（从德维塔et al.，癌肿瘤：原理与实践，第五版，pp2099-2101；Curr Opin Oncol 1998 Jan；10（1）：43-51.）
C0162678	Neurofibromatoses	EFO_0003092	An autosomal dominant hereditary neoplastic syndrome. Two distinct clinicopathological entities are recognized: neurofibromatosis type 1 and neurofibromatosis type 2. Neurofibromatosis type 1 is associated with the presence of cafe-au-lait cutaneous lesions, multiple neurofibromas, malignant peripheral nerve sheath tumors, optic nerve gliomas, and bone lesions. Neurofibromatosis type 2 is associated with the presence of schwannomas, meningiomas, and gliomas.	常染色体显性遗传性肿瘤综合征。两种不同的临床病理实体被确认为：1型神经纤维瘤病和2型神经纤维瘤病。1型神经纤维瘤病与咖啡牛奶皮肤病变，存在相关的多个神经纤维瘤，恶性周围神经鞘膜瘤、视神经胶质瘤、骨病变。2型多发神经纤维瘤与神经鞘瘤，脑膜瘤和胶质瘤的存在。
C0027830	neurofibroma	EFO_0000622	An intraneural or extraneural neoplasm arising from nerve tissues and neural sheaths. It is composed of perineurial-like fibroblasts and Schwann cells. It usually presents as a localized cutaneous lesion and less often as a circumscribed peripheral nerve mass. Patients with neurofibromatosis type 1 present with multiple masses. Neurofibromas which arise from major nerves and plexiform neurofibromas are precursor lesions to malignant peripheral nerve sheath tumors., A moderately firm, benign, encapsulated tumor resulting from proliferation of SCHWANN CELLS and FIBROBLASTS that includes portions of nerve fibers. The tumors usually develop along peripheral or cranial nerves and are a central feature of NEUROFIBROMATOSIS 1, where they may occur intracranially or involve spinal roots. Pathologic features include fusiform enlargement of the involved nerve. Microscopic examination reveals a disorganized and loose cellular pattern with elongated nuclei intermixed with fibrous strands. (From Adams et al., Principles of Neurology, 6th ed, p1016), A moderately firm, benign, encapsulated tumor resulting from proliferation of SCHWANN CELLS and FIBROBLASTS that includes portions of nerve fibers. The tumors usually develop along peripheral or cranial nerves and are a central feature of NEUROFIBROMATOSIS 1, where they may occur intracranially or involve spinal roots. Pathologic features include fusiform enlargement of the involved nerve. Microscopic examination reveals a disorganized and loose cellular pattern with elongated nuclei intermixed with fibrous strands (MeSH).	一个神经或神经外、神经鞘的神经组织所产生的肿瘤。它是由神经束膜样成纤维细胞和雪旺细胞。它通常表现为局限性皮肤损害，较少作为外周外周神经团。1型多发性神经纤维瘤患者多发性肿块。从主要神经丛状神经纤维瘤，神经纤维瘤是癌前病变引起的恶性周围神经鞘膜瘤，中等公司，良性肿瘤，封装的雪旺氏细胞和成纤维细胞，包括神经纤维增殖导致的部分。该肿瘤通常沿着外周或颅神经和神经纤维瘤病1个中心的特征，他们可能发生颅内或涉及脊髓根。病理特征包括受累神经梭形增大。显微镜检查显示紊乱的细长核混合纤维束松散细胞模式。（亚当斯et al.，神经病学原理，第六版，p1016），中等企业，良性肿瘤，封装的雪旺氏细胞和成纤维细胞，包括神经纤维增殖导致的部分。该肿瘤通常沿着外周或颅神经和神经纤维瘤病1个中心的特征，他们可能发生颅内或涉及脊髓根。病理特征包括受累神经梭形增大。显微镜检查显示紊乱的细长核混合纤维束松散细胞模式（网）。
C0027927	Neurosyphilis	EFO_0007339	A congenital syphilis that occurs in children at or greater than two years of age who acquired the infection trans-placentally. The infection has_symptom gummatous ulcers, has_symptom periosteal lesions, has_symptom paresis, has_symptom tabes, has_symptom optic atrophy, has_symptom interstitial keratitis, has_symptom sensorineural deafness, and has_symptom dental deformities.	先天性梅毒发生在儿童或大于2岁获得感染，经placentally。感染has_symptom梅毒性溃疡，has_symptom骨膜病变，has_symptom麻痹，has_symptom消瘦，has_symptom视神经萎缩，has_symptom间质性角膜炎，has_symptom感音神经性耳聋，和has_symptom牙齿畸形。
C0027960	Nevus	EFO_0000625	Nevus (or naevus, plural nevi or naevi, from nævus, Latin for "birthmark") is the medical term for sharply circumscribed[1] and chronic lesions of the skin or mucosa. These lesions are commonly named birthmarks or beauty marks. Nevi are benign by definition. However, 25% of malignant melanomas (a skin cancer) arise from pre-existing nevi.[2] Using the term nevus and nevi loosely, most physicians and dermatologists are actually referring to a variant of nevus called the "melanocytic nevus", which are composed of melanocytes. Histologically, melanocytic nevi are distinguished from lentigines (also a type of benign pigmented macule) by the presence of nests of melanocytes, which lentigines (plural form of lentigo) lack.	Nevus（或痣，痣或痣多，从NæVUS，拉丁语“胎记”）是严格限制，[ 1 ]和慢性病变皮肤或黏膜的医学术语。这些病变是俗称胎记或美丽的标志。痣是良性的定义。然而，25%的恶性黑色素瘤（一种皮肤癌）是从已存在的痣。[ 2 ]使用术语痣和痣松散，大多数医生和医生实际上指的是一个变异的痣称为“色素痣”，它是由黑色素细胞。组织学上，黑素细胞痣区别雀斑样痣（也是一种良性色素斑）的巢的黑素细胞存在，其中雀斑样痣（痣没有复数形式）。
C1842981	NEUROTICISM	EFO_0004257	Disorders in which the symptoms are distressing to the individual and recognized by him or her as being unacceptable. Social relationships may be greatly affected but usually remain within acceptable limits. The disturbance is relatively enduring or recurrent without treatment.	症状对个人不利，被他或她承认为不可接受的疾病。社会关系可能受到很大影响，但通常仍在可接受的范围内。未经治疗，干扰相对持久或复发。
C0028754	Obesity	EFO_0001073	A status with BODY WEIGHT that is grossly above the acceptable or desirable weight, usually due to accumulation of excess FATS in the body. The standards may vary with age, sex, genetic or cultural background. In the BODY MASS INDEX, a BMI greater than 30.0 kg/m2 is considered obese, and a BMI greater than 40.0 kg/m2 is considered morbidly obese (MORBID OBESITY)., An eating-related disorder in which excess body fat has accumulated to such an extent that health may be negatively affected. It is commonly defined as a body mass index (weight divided by height squared) of 30 kg/m2 or higher.	体重超过身体可接受或理想体重的状态，通常是体内多余脂肪的积累。标准可能因年龄、性别、遗传或文化背景而有所不同。在身体质量指数BMI大于30 kg/m2为肥胖，而BMI大于40 kg/m2被认为是病态肥胖（肥胖），饮食相关的疾病，体内多余的脂肪积累到一定程度，健康可能受到负面影响。它通常被定义为体重指数（体重除以身高平方）为30公斤/平方米或更高。
C0039870	Thinness	EFO_0001073	A status with BODY WEIGHT that is grossly above the acceptable or desirable weight, usually due to accumulation of excess FATS in the body. The standards may vary with age, sex, genetic or cultural background. In the BODY MASS INDEX, a BMI greater than 30.0 kg/m2 is considered obese, and a BMI greater than 40.0 kg/m2 is considered morbidly obese (MORBID OBESITY)., An eating-related disorder in which excess body fat has accumulated to such an extent that health may be negatively affected. It is commonly defined as a body mass index (weight divided by height squared) of 30 kg/m2 or higher.	体重超过身体可接受或理想体重的状态，通常是体内多余脂肪的积累。标准可能因年龄、性别、遗传或文化背景而有所不同。在身体质量指数BMI大于30 kg/m2为肥胖，而BMI大于40 kg/m2被认为是病态肥胖（肥胖），饮食相关的疾病，体内多余的脂肪积累到一定程度，健康可能受到负面影响。它通常被定义为体重指数（体重除以身高平方）为30公斤/平方米或更高。
C0028945	oligodendroglioma	EFO_0000631	A relatively slow-growing glioma that is derived from oligodendrocytes and tends to occur in the cerebral hemispheres, thalamus, or lateral ventricle. They may present at any age, but are most frequent in the third to fifth decades, with an earlier incidence peak in the first decade. Histologically, these tumors are encapsulated, relatively avascular, and tend to form cysts and microcalcifications. Neoplastic cells tend to have small round nuclei surrounded by unstained nuclei. The tumors may vary from well-differentiated to highly anaplastic forms. (From DeVita et al., Cancer: Principles and Practice of Oncology, 5th ed, p2052; Adams et al., Principles of Neurology, 6th ed, p655), A WHO grade II tumor composed of a conspicuous mixture of two distinct neoplastic cell types morphologically resembling the tumor cells in oligodendroglioma and diffuse astrocytoma. (WHO)	胶质瘤一种相对缓慢生长的胶质瘤，起源于少突胶质细胞，常发生于大脑半球、丘脑或侧脑室。他们可能出现在任何年龄，但在第三至第五年中最频繁，在第一个十年的发病高峰较早。组织学上，这些肿瘤是封装的，相对缺血，而且往往形成囊肿和钙化。肿瘤细胞往往有小的圆形细胞核周围染色细胞核。肿瘤可能从分化良好到高度不变型。（从德维塔et al.，癌肿瘤：原理与实践，第五版，p2052；亚当斯等人，神经病学原理，第六版，p655），WHOⅡ级肿瘤由明显的混合两种不同的肿瘤细胞类型，形态相似的肿瘤细胞少突胶质细胞瘤和弥漫性星形细胞瘤。（谁）
C0029001	Onchocerciasis	EFO_0007402	A filariasis that involves parasitic infection caused by the nematode Onchocerca volvulus, which is transmitted to humans through the bite of a blackfly of the genus Simulium. The worms spread throughout the body and, when they die, cause intense itching and a strong immune system response that can destroy nearby tissue. The symptoms include pruritus, dermatitis, blindness, onchocercomata (subcutaneous nodules), and lymphadenopathy.	丝虫病，涉及以线虫丝虫引起的寄生虫感染，这是通过一个蚋蚋属的叮咬传染给人类。蠕虫遍布全身，当它们死亡时，会引起强烈的瘙痒和强烈的免疫系统反应，从而破坏附近的组织。症状包括瘙痒、皮炎、失明、onchocercomata（皮下结节），和淋巴结肿大。
C0029106	Opisthorchiasis	EFO_0007404	A parasitic helminthiasis infectious disease that involves parasitic infection of the liver, pancreas and gall bladder by Opisthorchis viverrini or Opisthorchis felineus. The symptoms include dyspepsia, abdominal pain, diarrhea, constipation, hepatomegaly, cholangitis, cholecystitis, and chlolangiocarcinoma.	寄生蠕虫病的传染病，包括寄生虫感染的肝脏，胰脏和胆囊的Opisthorchis viverrini或Opisthorchis felineus。症状包括消化不良、腹痛、腹泻、便秘、肝、胆管炎、胆囊炎、chlolangiocarcinoma。
C0029417	Osteoblastoma	EFO_1000410	A rare benign bone-forming neoplasm usually arising from the spine. It is a well-circumscribed lytic tumor that varies in size. The tumor is composed of woven bone trabeculae and shares similar histologic characteristics with the osteoid osteoma. Surgical curettage is the treatment of choice. The prognosis is excellent.	一种罕见的良性骨形成肿瘤，通常由脊柱产生。它是一种界限清楚的溶解性肿瘤，大小不等。肿瘤是由编织骨小梁和类似的组织学特征与骨样骨瘤。外科刮除术是治疗的首选。预后良好。
C0029440	Osteoma	EFO_0002423	A rare, benign neoplasm arising from the bone.	一种罕见的良性肿瘤，由骨引起。
C0029191	Orchitis	EFO_1001078	Inflammation of a TESTIS. It has many features of EPIDIDYMITIS, such as swollen SCROTUM; PAIN; PYURIA; and FEVER. It is usually related to infections in the URINARY TRACT, which likely spread to the EPIDIDYMIS and then the TESTIS through either the VAS DEFERENS or the lymphatics of the SPERMATIC CORD.	睾丸发炎。它有许多特点，如附睾炎，阴囊肿胀；疼痛；脓尿；发热。它通常是在尿路感染有关，它可能蔓延到附睾和睾丸然后通过输精管和精索淋巴管。
C0029456	Osteoporosis	EFO_0003854	Metabolic disorder associated with fractures of the femoral neck, vertebrae, and distal forearm. It occurs commonly in women within 15-20 years after menopause, and is caused by factors associated with menopause including estrogen deficiency.	与股骨颈、椎骨和前臂远端骨折相关的代谢紊乱。它通常发生在绝经后15-20年内，是由更年期相关因素引起的，包括雌激素缺乏。
C0030193	Pain	EFO_0003843	An unpleasant sensation induced by noxious stimuli which are detected by NERVE ENDINGS of NOCICEPTIVE NEURONS.	伤害性刺激引起的不愉快感觉，由伤害性神经末梢的神经末梢检测。
C0029463	Osteosarcoma	EFO_0000637	A malignant mesenchymal tumor arising from the bone., A usually aggressive malignant bone-forming mesenchymal tumor, predominantly affecting adolescents and young adults.  It usually involves bones and less frequently extraosseous sites.  It often involves the long bones (particularly distal femur, proximal tibia, and proximal humerus).  Pain with or without a palpable mass is the most frequent clinical symptom.  It may spread to other anatomic sites, particularly the lungs., A sarcoma originating in bone-forming cells, affecting the ends of long bones. It is the most common and most malignant of sarcomas of the bones, and occurs chiefly among 10- to 25-year-old youths. (From Stedman, 25th ed)	由骨引起的恶性间质肿瘤，通常是侵袭性恶性骨形成间质肿瘤，主要影响青少年和青年人。它通常涉及骨骼和较少外网站。它通常涉及长骨（尤其是股骨远端、胫骨近端和肱骨近端）。伴有或不伴有明显肿块的疼痛是最常见的临床症状。它可能扩散到其他解剖部位，特别是肺部，一种起源于骨形成细胞的肉瘤，影响长骨的末端。它是骨骼中最常见、最恶性的肉瘤，主要发生在10至25岁的青年中。（Stedman，第二十五版）
C0029899	Otosclerosis	EFO_0004213	Formation of spongy bone in the labyrinth capsule which can progress toward the STAPES (stapedial fixation) or anteriorly toward the COCHLEA leading to conductive, sensorineural, or mixed HEARING LOSS. Several genes are associated with familial otosclerosis with varied clinical signs.	在迷宫胶囊可对镫骨进步松质骨形成（镫骨固定）或前向耳蜗导致导电性，或混合性听力损失。几个基因与家族性耳硬化症具有不同的临床症状相关。
C0033860	Psoriasis	EFO_0000676	A common genetically determined, chronic, inflammatory skin disease characterized by rounded erythematous, dry, scaling patches. The lesions have a predilection for nails, scalp, genitalia, extensor surfaces, and the lumbosacral region. Accelerated epidermopoiesis is considered to be the fundamental pathologic feature in psoriasis.	一种常见的遗传性、慢性、炎症性皮肤病，由圆形红斑、干燥、鳞屑。病变有利于指甲、头皮、生殖器、伸肌面和腰骶部。加速表皮生成被认为是银屑病的基本病理特征。
C0030343	Panuveitis	EFO_1001082	Inflammation in which both the anterior and posterior segments of the uvea are involved and a specific focus is not apparent. It is often severe and extensive and a serious threat to vision. Causes include systemic diseases such as tuberculosis, sarcoidosis, and syphilis, as well as malignancies. The intermediate segment of the eye is not involved.	炎症在其中的脉络膜前、后段和具体的重点不明显。它通常是严重的和广泛的，严重威胁视力。病因包括全身性疾病，如肺结核、结节病、梅毒以及恶性肿瘤。眼睛中间部分不参与。
C0030305	Pancreatitis	EFO_0000278	Inflammation of the pancreas., INFLAMMATION of the PANCREAS. Pancreatitis is classified as acute unless there are computed tomographic or endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatographic findings of CHRONIC PANCREATITIS (International Symposium on Acute Pancreatitis, Atlanta, 1992). The two most common forms of acute pancreatitis are ALCOHOLIC PANCREATITIS and gallstone pancreatitis.	胰腺发炎，胰腺发炎。胰腺炎分为急性除非有CT或ERCP检查发现慢性胰腺炎（急性胰腺炎，亚特兰大，1992届国际研讨会）。急性胰腺炎最常见的两种形式是酒精性胰腺炎和胆石性胰腺炎。
C0042164	Uveitis	EFO_1001082	Inflammation in which both the anterior and posterior segments of the uvea are involved and a specific focus is not apparent. It is often severe and extensive and a serious threat to vision. Causes include systemic diseases such as tuberculosis, sarcoidosis, and syphilis, as well as malignancies. The intermediate segment of the eye is not involved.	炎症在其中的脉络膜前、后段和具体的重点不明显。它通常是严重的和广泛的，严重威胁视力。病因包括全身性疾病，如肺结核、结节病、梅毒以及恶性肿瘤。眼睛中间部分不参与。
C0030389	Parainfluenza	EFO_0007419	A Mononegavirales infectious disease that results_in infection in animals and humans, has_material_basis_in Paramyxoviridae viruses.	一个单分子的传染病，在动物和人类的results_in副粘病毒科病毒感染，has_material_basis_in。
C0030353	Papilledema	EFO_1001074	Swelling of the OPTIC DISK, usually in association with increased intracranial pressure, characterized by hyperemia, blurring of the disk margins, microhemorrhages, blind spot enlargement, and engorgement of retinal veins. Chronic papilledema may cause OPTIC ATROPHY and visual loss. (Miller et al., Clinical Neuro-Ophthalmology, 4th ed, p175)	将视盘肿胀，通常以颅内压增高为特征的关联，充血，圆盘的边缘，模糊的微出血，盲点扩大，以及视网膜静脉充盈。慢性视乳头水肿可引起视神经萎缩，视力丧失。（Miller et al.，神经眼科临床，第四，P175）
C0030409	Paracoccidioidomycosis	EFO_0007417	A primary systemic mycosis that results_in systemic fungal infection located_in mucosa, located_in lymph nodes, located_in bone, located_in skin or located_in lungs, has_material_basis_in Paracoccidioides brasiliensis.	原发性全身性真菌病，全身性真菌感染results_in located_in黏膜，located_in淋巴结，located_in骨，located_in皮肤或located_in肺，has_material_basis_in Paracoccidioides巴西。
C0030424	Paragonimiasis	EFO_0007418	A parasitic helminthiasis infectious disease that involves parasitic infection by flukes of the genus Paragonimus. In the acute phase, the symptoms are diarrhea, abdominal pain, fever, cough, urticaria, hepatosplenomegaly, pulmonary abnormalities, and eosinophilia. Pulmonary manifestations include cough, expectoration of discolored sputum, hemoptysis, and chest radiographic abnormalities. Various organs like brain, spleen and liver can be infected.	寄生蠕虫病的传染病，包括寄生虫感染并殖吸虫属。在急性期，症状有腹泻、腹痛、发热、咳嗽、荨麻疹、肝脾肿大、肺部异常，嗜酸性粒细胞增多。肺部表现有咳嗽、咯血痰，痰液变色，胸部X线异常。脑、脾、肝等各种器官均可感染。
C0030583	Parotitis	EFO_0007423	A parotid disease characterized by the inflammation of one or both parotid glands.	腮腺发炎以腮腺或腮腺的炎症为特征的腮腺疾病。
C0030421	Paraganglioma	EFO_1000453	A benign or malignant neoplasm arising from paraganglia located along the sympathetic or parasympathetic nerves. Infrequently, it may arise outside the usual distribution of the sympathetic and parasympathetic paraganglia. Tumors arising from the adrenal gland medulla are called pheochromocytomas. Morphologically, paragangliomas usually display a nesting (Zellballen) growth pattern. There are no reliable morphologic criteria to distinguish between benign and malignant paragangliomas. The only definitive indicator of malignancy is the presence of regional or distant metastases.	一个良性或恶性从位于交感神经或副交感神经副神经节引起的肿瘤。偶尔，它可能会出现在交感和副交感副神经节通常分布。从肾上腺髓质嗜铬细胞瘤引起的肿瘤被称为。从形态上看，副神经节瘤通常显示嵌套（球）的增长模式。没有可靠的形态学标准来区分良性和恶性副神经节瘤之间。恶性肿瘤的唯一明确标志是区域或远处转移的存在。
C0031046	Pericarditis	EFO_0007427	A pericardium disease that is characterized by an inflammation of the pericardium and has_symptom chest pain.	心包疾病的特点是由一个心包和has_symptom胸部疼痛发炎。
C0031099	Periodontitis	EFO_0000649	Inflammation and loss of connective tissues supporting or surrounding the teeth. This may involve any part of the PERIODONTIUM. Periodontitis is currently classified by disease progression (CHRONIC PERIODONTITIS; AGGRESSIVE PERIODONTITIS) instead of age of onset. (From 1999 International Workshop for a Classification of Periodontal Diseases and Conditions, American Academy of Periodontology)	支持或环绕牙齿的结缔组织的炎症和丧失。这可能与牙周组织的任何部分。牙周炎目前被分类为疾病进展（慢性牙周炎和侵袭性牙周炎），而不是发病年龄。（1999国际研讨会为牙周疾病，分类美国牙周病学会）
C0031511	Pheochromocytoma	EFO_0000239	A benign or malignant neuroendocrine neoplasm of the sympathetic nervous system that secretes catecholamines.  It arises from the chromaffin cells of the adrenal medulla.  Clinical presentation includes headaches, palpitations, chest and abdominal pain, hypertension, fever, and tremor.  Microscopically, a characteristic nesting (zellballen) growth pattern is usually seen.  Other growth patterns including trabecular pattern may also be present.	分泌儿茶酚胺的交感神经系统的良性或恶性神经内分泌肿瘤。它起源于肾上腺髓质嗜铬细胞。临床表现包括头痛、心悸、胸痛和腹痛、高血压、发烧和震颤。显微镜下特征嵌套（球）的增长模式通常是。其他生长模式，包括小梁模式也可能存在。
C0031542	Phlebitis	EFO_1001395	Inflammation of a vein, often a vein in the leg. Phlebitis associated with a blood clot is called (THROMBOPHLEBITIS).	静脉炎静脉的炎症，常为腿部静脉。静脉炎相关的称为血凝块（血栓性静脉炎）。
C0031538	Phimosis	EFO_1001104	A condition in which the FORESKIN cannot be retracted to reveal the GLANS PENIS. It is due to tightness or narrowing of the foreskin opening.	包皮不能缩回以显露阴茎头的状态。这是由于包皮开口的松紧或狭窄造成的。
C0205898	pineoblastoma	EFO_1000475	A pineal gland neoplasm located_in the brain., A poorly differentiated malignant embryonal neoplasm arising from the pineal region. It usually occurs in children and it is characterized by the presence of small immature neuroepithelial cells. It may follow an aggressive clinical course.	一个松果体肿瘤located_in大脑。，低分化的胚胎性恶性肿瘤从松果体区。它通常发生在儿童，它的特点是小的未成熟的神经上皮细胞的存在。它可能遵循一个积极的临床过程。
C0032064	Plague	EFO_0007481	A plague that results_in infection located_in vasculature where bacterial endotoxins cause coagulation, which leads to formation of tiny clots throughout the body. The infection has_symptom fever, has_symptom chills, has_symptom prostration, has_symptom abdominal pain, has_symptom shock and has_symptom bleeding into skin and other organs.	一场瘟疫，results_in感染located_in血管里的细菌内毒素引起凝血，导致整个身体的微小血栓形成。感染has_symptom发烧，has_symptom发冷，has_symptom虚脱，has_symptom腹痛、休克和出血has_symptom has_symptom皮肤和其他器官。
C0917890	Pineocytoma	EFO_1000475	A pineal gland neoplasm located_in the brain., A poorly differentiated malignant embryonal neoplasm arising from the pineal region. It usually occurs in children and it is characterized by the presence of small immature neuroepithelial cells. It may follow an aggressive clinical course.	一个松果体肿瘤located_in大脑。，低分化的胚胎性恶性肿瘤从松果体区。它通常发生在儿童，它的特点是小的未成熟的神经上皮细胞的存在。它可能遵循一个积极的临床过程。
C0032285	Pneumonia	EFO_0003106	A lung disease that involves lung parenchyma or alveolar inflammation and abnormal alveolar filling with fluid (consolidation and exudation). It results from a variety of causes including infection with bacteria, viruses, fungi or parasites, and chemical or physical injury to the lungs. It is accompanied by fever, chills, cough, and difficulty in breathing.	一种肺部疾病，包括肺实质或肺泡炎，肺泡内充满液体（固结和渗出）。它是由多种原因引起的，包括感染细菌、病毒、真菌或寄生虫，以及对肺部的化学或物理损伤。伴有发热、寒战、咳嗽和呼吸困难。
C0032131	Plasmacytoma	EFO_0006738	A malignant (clonal) proliferation of plasma cells that are cytologically and immunophenotypically identical to those of plasma cell myeloma, but manifest a localized osseous or extraosseous growth pattern. (WHO, 2001)	恶性（克隆），细胞学和那些浆细胞骨髓瘤免疫相同的浆细胞增殖，但明显的局部骨或骨外生长模式。（世卫组织，2001）
C0032231	Pleurisy	EFO_1001825	INFLAMMATION of PLEURA, the lining of the LUNG. When PARIETAL PLEURA is involved, there is pleuritic CHEST PAIN.	胸膜的炎症，肺的衬里。当胸膜受累，有胸膜炎性胸痛。
C0032371	Poliomyelitis	EFO_0007450	A viral infectious disease that results_in destruction located_in motor neurons, has_material_basis_in Human poliovirus 1, has_material_basis_in Human poliovirus 2, or has_material_basis_in Human poliovirus 3, which are transmitted_by ingestion of food or water contaminated with feces, or transmitted_by direct contact with the oral secretions. The infection has_symptom fever, has_symptom sore throat, has_symptom headache, has_symptom vomiting, has_symptom fatigue, has_symptom neck stiffness, has_symptom muscle spasms, and has_symptom acute flaccid paralysis.	一种病毒性传染病，results_in破坏located_in运动神经元，has_material_basis_in人脊髓灰质炎病毒1，has_material_basis_in人脊髓灰质炎病毒2，或has_material_basis_in人脊髓灰质炎病毒3，这是transmitted_by摄食粪便污染的食物或水，或transmitted_by与口腔分泌物直接接触。感染has_symptom has_symptom发烧，喉咙痛，has_symptom头痛，has_symptom呕吐，has_symptom疲劳，has_symptom颈部僵硬，has_symptom肌肉痉挛和has_symptom急性弛缓性麻痹。
C3714636	Pneumonitis	EFO_0003106	A lung disease that involves lung parenchyma or alveolar inflammation and abnormal alveolar filling with fluid (consolidation and exudation). It results from a variety of causes including infection with bacteria, viruses, fungi or parasites, and chemical or physical injury to the lungs. It is accompanied by fever, chills, cough, and difficulty in breathing.	一种肺部疾病，包括肺实质或肺泡炎，肺泡内充满液体（固结和渗出）。它是由多种原因引起的，包括感染细菌、病毒、真菌或寄生虫，以及对肺部的化学或物理损伤。伴有发热、寒战、咳嗽和呼吸困难。
C1299574	Hyperandrogenemia	EFO_0000660	A complex disorder characterized by infertility, HIRSUTISM; OBESITY; and various menstrual disturbances such as OLIGOMENORRHEA; AMENORRHEA; ANOVULATION. Polycystic ovary syndrome is usually associated with bilateral enlarged ovaries studded with atretic follicles, not with cysts. The term, polycystic ovary, is misleading.	一个复杂的疾病，不孕、多毛症；肥胖；各种月经紊乱如月经过少；闭经；不孕。多囊卵巢综合征通常是双侧卵巢增大，镶有闭锁卵泡囊肿有关，不。多囊卵巢这个术语是误导性的。
C0032461	Polycythemia	EFO_0005804	Abnormally high mass or concentration of red blood cells in the blood, either due to an increase in erythropoiesis or a decrease in plasma volume.	异常高的质量或红细胞在血液中的浓度，由于在红细胞或血浆量减少增加。
C1527405	Erythrocytosis	EFO_0005804	Abnormally high mass or concentration of red blood cells in the blood, either due to an increase in erythropoiesis or a decrease in plasma volume.	异常高的质量或红细胞在血液中的浓度，由于在红细胞或血浆量减少增加。
C0032584	polyps	EFO_0000662	Discrete abnormal tissue masses that protrude into the lumen of the DIGESTIVE TRACT or the RESPIRATORY TRACT. Polyps can be spheroidal, hemispheroidal, or irregular mound-shaped structures attached to the MUCOUS MEMBRANE of the lumen wall either by a stalk, pedunculus, or by a broad base., A usually exophytic mass attached to the underlying tissue by a broad base or a thin stalk.  Polyps can be neoplastic or non-neoplastic.  Neoplastic polyps usually represent proliferations of the epithelium, and are commonly seen in the gastrointestinal tract.  Polyps of the gastrointestinal tract are often called adenomas, are associated with dysplasia, and may eventually transform into carcinomas.  Non-neoplastic polyps may be inflammatory, degenerative, or the result of malformations. -- 2004, A usually exophytic mass attached to the underlying tissue by a broad base or a thin stalk.  Polyps can be neoplastic or non-neoplastic.  Neoplastic polyps usually represent proliferations of the epithelium, and are commonly seen in the gastrointestinal tract.  Polyps of the gastrointestinal tract are often called adenomas, are associated with dysplasia, and may eventually transform into carcinomas.  Non-neoplastic polyps may be inflammatory, degenerative, or the result of malformations.	伸入消化道或呼吸道的不连续的异常组织肿块。息肉可以是球形、半球形或不规则的丘状结构，附着在腔壁的粘膜由茎蒂，或由一个基础广泛，通常是外生性肿块，受到广泛的基础或细茎的基本组织。息肉可以是肿瘤性的，也可以是非肿瘤性的。肿瘤性息肉通常代表上皮细胞的增殖，并在胃肠道常见。胃肠道息肉常被称为腺瘤，与发育不良有关，并可能最终转变为癌。非肿瘤性息肉可能是炎症性的、退化性的或是畸形的结果。2004、通常的外生性肿块，受到广泛的基础或细茎的基本组织。息肉可以是肿瘤性的，也可以是非肿瘤性的。肿瘤性息肉通常代表上皮细胞的增殖，并在胃肠道常见。胃肠道息肉常被称为腺瘤，与发育不良有关，并可能最终转变为癌。非肿瘤性息肉可能是炎症性的、退化性的或是畸形的结果。
C0032586	Polyradiculopathy	EFO_0007196	A peripheral nervous system disease that involves an acute loss of function of the lumbar plexus, neurologic elements (nerve roots) of the spinal canal below the termination (conus) of the spinal cord.	外周神经系统疾病，包括腰丛的功能急性丧失，神经元素（神经根）下终止椎管内的脊髓（脊髓）。
C0936251	Polyradiculitis	EFO_0007196	A peripheral nervous system disease that involves an acute loss of function of the lumbar plexus, neurologic elements (nerve roots) of the spinal canal below the termination (conus) of the spinal cord.	外周神经系统疾病，包括腰丛的功能急性丧失，神经元素（神经根）下终止椎管内的脊髓（脊髓）。
C0032914	Pre-Eclampsia	EFO_0000668	A complication of PREGNANCY, characterized by a complex of symptoms including maternal HYPERTENSION and PROTEINURIA with or without pathological EDEMA. Symptoms may range between mild and severe. Pre-eclampsia usually occurs after the 20th week of gestation, but may develop before this time in the presence of trophoblastic disease., A pregnancy induced hypertensive state that occurs after 20 weeks of gestation characterized by an increase in blood pressure, along with body swelling and proteinuria.	妊娠并发症，以母体高血压和蛋白尿伴或不伴病理性水肿为特征。症状可能介于轻度和重度之间。先兆子痫通常发生在妊娠第二十周后，但在滋养细胞疾病出现之前，可能会在这一时期发生，妊娠期高血压疾病发生在妊娠20周后，其特征是血压升高，身体肿胀和蛋白尿。
C0033027	Preleukemia	EFO_0000198	Myelodysplastic syndromes are a class of syndromes which involve ineffective production (or dysplasia) of the myeloid class of blood cells., A clonal hematopoietic disorder characterized by dysplasia and ineffective hematopoiesis in one or more of the hematopoietic cell lines.  The dysplasia may be accompanied by an increase in myeloblasts, but the number is less than 20%, which, according to the WHO guidelines, is the requisite threshold for the diagnosis of acute myeloid leukemia.  It may occur de novo or as a result of exposure to alkylating agents and/or radiotherapy.  (WHO, 2001)	骨髓增生异常综合征是一类涉及髓系血液细胞无效生成（或不典型增生）的综合征，是一种造血干细胞异常增生和造血无效的克隆性造血系统疾病。发育不良可能伴有原始细胞增多，但数量小于20%，其中，根据WHO的标准，是必要的为急性髓系白血病的诊断阈值。它可能是从头暴露的，也可能是由于烷化剂和/或放疗的结果。（世卫组织，2001）
C0878544	Cardiomyopathies	EFO_0000318	A group of diseases in which the dominant feature is the involvement of the CARDIAC MUSCLE itself. Cardiomyopathies are classified according to their predominant pathophysiological features (DILATED CARDIOMYOPATHY; HYPERTROPHIC CARDIOMYOPATHY; RESTRICTIVE CARDIOMYOPATHY) or their etiological/pathological factors (CARDIOMYOPATHY, ALCOHOLIC; ENDOCARDIAL FIBROELASTOSIS)., A disease of the heart muscle or myocardium proper. Cardiomyopathies may be classified as either primary or secondary, on the basis of etiology, or on the pathophysiology of the lesion: hypertrophic, dilated, or restrictive.	以心肌自身受累为主要特征的一组疾病。心肌病是根据其主要的病理生理特征分类（扩张型心肌病；肥厚型心肌病；限制性心肌病）或其病因/病理因素（心肌病，酒精性；心内膜弹力纤维增生症），一种疾病的心肌或心肌适当。心肌病可分为原发性或继发性，对病因的基础上，对病变的病理生理学：肥厚、扩张，或限制。
C0033246	Proctitis	EFO_0005628	Proctitis is an inflammation of the rectum.	直肠炎是直肠的炎症。
C0033300	Progeria	EFO_0000671	A very rare genetic disorder caused by mutations in the LMNA gene. It is characterized by premature aging. Signs and symptoms include failure to thrive, limited growth, alopecia, wrinkled skin, small face, development of atherosclerosis, and heart disease. There is no cure for this condition. Individuals do not usually survive beyond their early twenties. Death usually occurs as a result of complications from atherosclerosis., An abnormal congenital condition, associated with defects in the LAMIN TYPE A gene, which is characterized by premature aging in children, where all the changes of cell senescence occur. It is manifested by premature greying; hair loss; hearing loss (DEAFNESS); cataracts (CATARACT); ARTHRITIS; OSTEOPOROSIS; DIABETES MELLITUS; atrophy of subcutaneous fat; skeletal hypoplasia; elevated urinary HYALURONIC ACID; and accelerated ATHEROSCLEROSIS. Many affected individuals develop malignant tumors, especially SARCOMA.	通过在LMNA基因突变引起的一种非常罕见的遗传性疾病。它的特点是过早老化。症状和体征包括没有茁壮成长，有限的增长，脱发，皱纹皮肤，小脸，动脉粥样硬化的发展，心脏病。这种情况是无法治愈的。个人通常不会活过二十岁出头。死亡通常发生由于动脉粥样硬化并发症，异常的先天条件，在A型核纤层蛋白基因缺陷有关，其特点是儿童过早老化，而细胞衰老的变化发生。它表现为过早花白；脱发；失聪（耳聋）；白内障（白内障）；关节炎；骨质疏松症；糖尿病；皮下脂肪萎缩；骨骼发育不良；高尿透明质酸；和加速动脉粥样硬化。许多受影响的个体发展为恶性肿瘤，尤其是肉瘤。
C0033581	prostatitis	EFO_0003830	Infiltration of inflammatory cells into the parenchyma of PROSTATE. The subtypes are classified by their varied laboratory analysis, clinical presentation and response to treatment.	前列腺实质内炎性细胞浸润。亚型分为不同的实验室分析、临床表现和对治疗的反应。
C0033375	Prolactinoma	EFO_1000496	An adenoma of the anterior lobe of the pituitary gland that produces prolactin. It is the most common type of pituitary gland adenomas and it is associated with hyperprolactinemia. Clinical manifestations include amenorrhea, galactorrhea, impotence, headache, and visual disturbances.	垂体前叶产生催乳素的腺瘤。这是垂体腺瘤中最常见的类型，它是与高催乳素血症。临床表现为闭经、溢乳、阳痿、头痛、视觉障碍。
C0033804	Pseudohermaphroditism	EFO_0005579	Condition in which an organism is born with primary sex characteristics of one sex but develops the secondary sex characteristics that are different from what would be expected on the basis of the gonadal tissue (ovary ortestis).	在这种情况下，一个生物是天生的一个性别的初级性特征而发展 第二性特征不同于所预期的 性腺（卵巢  组织的基础上ortestis）。
C0086588	Marasmus	EFO_1001033	The lack of sufficient energy or protein to meet the body's metabolic demands, as a result of either an inadequate dietary intake of protein, intake of poor quality dietary protein, increased demands due to disease, or increased nutrient losses.	缺乏足够的能量或蛋白质来满足机体新陈代谢的需求，这是由于蛋白质摄入不足，摄入低质量的膳食蛋白质，疾病引起的需求增加，或营养损失增加造成的。
C0033839	Pseudorabies	EFO_0007457	A Varicellovirus infectious disease that results_in infection located_in peripheral nervous system in swine, cattle, sheep, dogs and raccoons, has_material_basis_in Suid herpesvirus 1 and has_symptom abortion, has_symptom coughing, has_symptom sneezing, has_symptom fever, has_symptom constipation, has_symptom depression, has_symptom seizures, has_symptom ataxia, has_symptom circling, has_symptom excess salivation in piglets, and has_symptom intense itching in cattle.	一种病毒的传染病，results_in located_in外周神经系统感染猪、牛、羊、狗和浣熊，has_material_basis_in猪疱疹病毒1和has_symptom流产，has_symptom咳嗽、打喷嚏has_symptom，has_symptom发烧，has_symptom便秘，has_symptom抑郁，has_symptom发作，has_symptom共济失调，has_symptom盘旋，has_symptom过度流涎的仔猪，并has_symptom剧烈瘙痒在牛。
C0033999	Pterygium	EFO_0000678	An abnormal triangular fold of membrane in the interpalpebral fissure, extending from the conjunctiva to the cornea, being immovably united to the cornea at its apex, firmly attached to the sclera throughout its middle portion, and merged with the conjunctiva at its base. (Dorland, 27th ed)	在睑裂裂膜异常的褶皱，从结膜向角膜，被固定联合角膜顶端，牢固地附着在巩膜在它的中间部分，并在它的基地，结膜合并。（Dorland，第二十七版）
C0034103	Pulpitis	EFO_1001139	Inflammation of the DENTAL PULP, usually due to bacterial infection in dental caries, tooth fracture, or other conditions causing exposure of the pulp to bacterial invasion. Chemical irritants, thermal factors, hyperemic changes, and other factors may also cause pulpitis.	牙髓发炎，通常是由于细菌感染导致龋齿、牙齿断裂或其他条件导致牙髓暴露于细菌入侵。化学刺激、热因素，充血，和其他因素也可能引起牙髓炎。
C0035335	Retinoblastoma	EFO_0002923	A malignant tumor that originates in the nuclear layer of the retina. As the most common primary tumor of the eye in children, retinoblastoma is still relatively uncommon, accounting for only 1% of all malignant tumors in pediatric patients. These tumors may be multifocal, bilateral, congenital, inherited, or acquired. Seventy-five percent of retinoblastomas are unilateral; 60% occur sporadically. A predisposition to retinoblastoma has been associated with 13q14 cytogenetic abnormalities. Patients with the inherited form also appear to be at increased risk for secondary nonocular malignancies such as osteosarcoma, malignant fibrous histiocytoma, and fibrosarcoma.	起源于视网膜核层的恶性肿瘤。视网膜母细胞瘤作为儿童最常见的原发性肿瘤，仍相对少见，仅占儿童恶性肿瘤的1%。这些肿瘤可能是多灶性、双侧性、先天性、遗传性或后天性肿瘤。百分之七十五视网膜母细胞瘤是单方面的；60%是零星发生的。视网膜母细胞瘤的倾向已与13q14的细胞遗传学异常相关。与遗传形式的患者还出现在第二非眼部恶性肿瘤如骨肉瘤的风险增加，恶性纤维组织细胞瘤，纤维肉瘤。
C1527310	Ametropia	EFO_0003908	Deviations from the average or standard indices of refraction of the eye through its dioptric or refractive apparatus.	偏差从眼睛折射的平均或标准指标通过其屈光或折射仪。
C0035335	Retinoblastoma	EFO_0005717	A retinal cell cancer and malignant neoplasm of retina and neuroblastoma and neuroendocrine tumors that derives_from the tissues of the retina. OMIM mapping confirmed by DO. [LS].	A retinal cell cancer and malignant neoplasm of retina and neuroblastoma and neuroendocrine tumors that derives_from the tissues of the retina. OMIM映射经做。[ ls ]。
C0034186	Pyelonephritis	EFO_1001141	Inflammation of the KIDNEY involving the renal parenchyma (the NEPHRONS); KIDNEY PELVIS; and KIDNEY CALICES. It is characterized by ABDOMINAL PAIN; FEVER; NAUSEA; VOMITING; and occasionally DIARRHEA.	肾脏的累及肾实质炎症（肾）；肾盂；肾盏。腹痛、发烧、恶心、呕吐；偶尔腹泻。
C0035412	Rhabdomyosarcoma	EFO_0002918	A rare aggressive malignant mesenchymal neoplasm arising from skeletal muscle. It usually occurs in children and young adults. Only a small percentage of tumors arise in the skeletal muscle of the extremities. The majority arise in other anatomical sites. A malignant neoplasm arising from skeletal myocytes.A malignant mesenchymal neoplasm arising from skeletal muscle.Cancer that forms in the soft tissues in a type of muscle called striated muscle. Rhabdomyosarcoma can occur anywhere in the body.	一种罕见的侵袭性骨骼肌间质恶性肿瘤。它通常发生在儿童和青年人身上。只有一小部分肿瘤出现在四肢的骨骼肌中。大多数出现在其他解剖部位。骨骼肌细胞产生的恶性肿瘤，由骨骼肌引起的一种恶性间质性肿瘤，在一种称为横纹肌的软组织中形成。横纹肌肉瘤可以发生在身体的任何地方。
C0036202	Sarcoidosis	EFO_0000690	An idiopathic systemic inflammatory granulomatous disorder comprised of epithelioid and multinucleated giant cells with little necrosis. It usually invades the lungs with fibrosis and may also involve lymph nodes, skin, liver, spleen, eyes, phalangeal bones, and parotid glands., An idiopathic inflammatory disorder characterized by the formation of non-necrotizing epithelioid granulomas which contain giant cells.  It usually affects the lungs, lymph nodes, liver, and skin.	特发性全身性炎性肉芽肿性疾病，由上皮样细胞和多核巨细胞和小坏死。常侵犯肺部纤维化也可能涉及到的淋巴结、皮肤、肝、脾、眼、指骨，和腮腺的特发性炎症性疾病，以非坏死性上皮样肉芽肿含有巨细胞的形成。它通常影响肺、淋巴结、肝脏和皮肤。
C0035410	Rhabdomyolysis	EFO_0003867	Necrosis or disintegration of skeletal muscle often followed by myoglobinuria.	坏死崩解，骨骼肌常伴有肌红蛋白尿。
C0035435	Rheumatism	EFO_0005755	A hypersensitivity reaction type II disease that involves inflammation or pain in the muscles, joints, or fibrous tissue.	过敏反应II型疾病，涉及肌肉、关节或纤维组织的炎症或疼痛。
C0035579	Rickets	EFO_0005583	A bone remodeling disease that has_material_basis_in a vitamin D deficiency in children which results_in softening and deformity located_in bone.	骨重塑的疾病，has_material_basis_in维生素D缺乏儿童的results_in软化和畸形located_in骨。
C0036323	Schistosomiasis	EFO_1001475	Infection with flukes (trematodes) of the genus SCHISTOSOMA. Three species produce the most frequent clinical diseases: SCHISTOSOMA HAEMATOBIUM (endemic in Africa and the Middle East),SCHISTOSOMA MANSONI (in Egypt, northern and southern Africa, some West Indies islands, northern 2/3 of South America), and SCHISTOSOMA JAPONICUM (in Japan, China, the Philippines, Celebes, Thailand, Laos). S. mansoni is often seen in Puerto Ricans living in the United States.	感染吸虫（吸虫）属血吸虫。三种生产最常见的临床疾病：埃及血吸虫（流行于非洲和中东），曼氏血吸虫（在埃及，非洲北部和南部，西印度群岛群岛，南美洲北部2/3），与日本血吸虫（日本，中国，菲律宾，Celebes，泰国，Laos）。S. mansoni是Puerto人，经常居住在美国看到的。
C0036341	Schizophrenia	EFO_0000692	A severe emotional disorder of psychotic depth characteristically marked by a retreat from reality with delusion formation, HALLUCINATIONS, emotional disharmony, and regressive behavior., A major psychotic disorder characterized by abnormalities in the perception or expression of reality. It affects the cognitive and psychomotor functions. Common clinical signs and symptoms include delusions, hallucinations, disorganized thinking, and retreat from reality.	精神病深度的一种严重的情绪障碍，以逃避现实为特征，具有妄想形成、幻觉、情感不和谐和倒退行为。它影响认知和精神运动功能。常见的临床症状和体征包括妄想、幻觉、杂乱无章的思维和脱离现实。
C0036457	Scrapie	EFO_1001168	A fatal disease of the nervous system in sheep and goats, characterized by pruritus, debility, and locomotor incoordination. It is caused by proteinaceous infectious particles called PRIONS.	在绵羊和山羊的神经系统的一种致命的疾病，以皮肤瘙痒、乏力、运动失调。它是由朊病毒引起的传染性蛋白粒子称为。
C0036474	Scurvy	EFO_1001169	An acquired blood vessel disorder caused by severe deficiency of vitamin C (ASCORBIC ACID) in the diet leading to defective collagen formation in small blood vessels. Scurvy is characterized by bleeding in any tissue, weakness, ANEMIA, spongy gums, and a brawny induration of the muscles of the calves and legs.	由于饮食中维生素C（抗坏血酸）严重缺乏而导致的一种获得性血管疾病，导致小血管中胶原形成缺陷。坏血病是由任何组织、虚弱、贫血、海绵状牙龈出血，和强壮的硬结的小腿和大腿肌肉。
C0036631	Seminoma	EFO_0003101	A malignant germ cell tumor arising from the testis.  It is believed that it is derived from the sexually undifferentiated embryonic gonad.  Treatment with radiotherapy is highly successful when the tumor is diagnosed in localized stages, which represents the majority of presentations of seminoma.	睾丸产生的恶性生殖细胞肿瘤。据认为，它来自性未分化的胚胎性腺。放射治疗是非常成功的，肿瘤在局部的阶段诊断，是精原细胞瘤多数表现。
C0036690	Septicemia	EFO_0001420	The presence of pathogenic microorganisms in the blood stream causing a rapidly progressing systemic reaction that may lead to shock. Symptoms include fever, chills, tachycardia, and increased respiratory rate. It is a medical emergency that requires urgent medical attention., Systemic inflammatory response syndrome with a proven or suspected infectious etiology. When sepsis is associated with organ dysfunction distant from the site of infection, it is called severe sepsis. When sepsis is accompanied by HYPOTENSION despite adequate fluid infusion, it is called SEPTIC SHOCK., A disease of infectious agent resulting from the presence of pathogenic microbial agents, including pathogenic viruses, pathogenic bacteria, fungi, protozoa, multicellular parasites, and aberrant proteins known as prions. These pathogens are able to cause disease in animals and/or plants. Infectious pathologies are usually qualified as contagious disease (also called communicable disease) due to their potentiality of transmission from one person or species to another., Sepsis associated with organ dysfunction distant from the site of infection., Systemic disease associated with the presence of pathogenic microorganisms or their toxins in the blood., Septicemia caused by pyogenic microorganisms (e.g., STAPHYLOCOCCUS; BACILLUS), resulting in the formation of secondary foci of SUPPURATION and multiple ABSCESSES.	血液中致病微生物的存在，导致迅速发展的全身反应，可能导致休克。症状包括发热、寒战、心动过速和呼吸频率增加。这是一个医疗紧急情况，需要紧急医疗，全身炎症反应综合征已被证明或怀疑传染病原学。败血症与感染部位的器官功能障碍有关，称为严重脓毒症。当脓毒症伴有低血压尽管充分补液，它被称为感染性休克，疾病传染剂从病原微生物剂存在下产生的，包括致病性的病毒，细菌，真菌，原生动物，多细胞寄生虫，和异常的蛋白质称为朊病毒。这些病原体能引起动物和/或植物的疾病。感染性疾病通常是合格的传染病（又称传染性疾病）由于其潜力的传输从一个人或一个物种到另一个。，脓毒症合并器官功能障碍远离感染部位有关，与血液中的致病微生物或其毒素的存在相关的全身性疾病，由化脓性微生物引起的败血症。（例如，金黄色葡萄球菌；杆菌），形成继发化脓灶和多发性脓肿。
C0037023	Sialadenitis	EFO_1001179	INFLAMMATION of salivary tissue (SALIVARY GLANDS), usually due to INFECTION or injuries.	唾液腺（唾液腺）的炎症，通常由感染或损伤引起。
C0243026	Sepsis	EFO_0001420	The presence of pathogenic microorganisms in the blood stream causing a rapidly progressing systemic reaction that may lead to shock. Symptoms include fever, chills, tachycardia, and increased respiratory rate. It is a medical emergency that requires urgent medical attention., Systemic inflammatory response syndrome with a proven or suspected infectious etiology. When sepsis is associated with organ dysfunction distant from the site of infection, it is called severe sepsis. When sepsis is accompanied by HYPOTENSION despite adequate fluid infusion, it is called SEPTIC SHOCK., A disease of infectious agent resulting from the presence of pathogenic microbial agents, including pathogenic viruses, pathogenic bacteria, fungi, protozoa, multicellular parasites, and aberrant proteins known as prions. These pathogens are able to cause disease in animals and/or plants. Infectious pathologies are usually qualified as contagious disease (also called communicable disease) due to their potentiality of transmission from one person or species to another., Sepsis associated with organ dysfunction distant from the site of infection., Systemic disease associated with the presence of pathogenic microorganisms or their toxins in the blood., Septicemia caused by pyogenic microorganisms (e.g., STAPHYLOCOCCUS; BACILLUS), resulting in the formation of secondary foci of SUPPURATION and multiple ABSCESSES.	血液中致病微生物的存在，导致迅速发展的全身反应，可能导致休克。症状包括发热、寒战、心动过速和呼吸频率增加。这是一个医疗紧急情况，需要紧急医疗，全身炎症反应综合征已被证明或怀疑传染病原学。败血症与感染部位的器官功能障碍有关，称为严重脓毒症。当脓毒症伴有低血压尽管充分补液，它被称为感染性休克，疾病传染剂从病原微生物剂存在下产生的，包括致病性的病毒，细菌，真菌，原生动物，多细胞寄生虫，和异常的蛋白质称为朊病毒。这些病原体能引起动物和/或植物的疾病。感染性疾病通常是合格的传染病（又称传染性疾病）由于其潜力的传输从一个人或一个物种到另一个。，脓毒症合并器官功能障碍远离感染部位有关，与血液中的致病微生物或其毒素的存在相关的全身性疾病，由化脓性微生物引起的败血症。（例如，金黄色葡萄球菌；杆菌），形成继发化脓灶和多发性脓肿。
C0037116	Silicosis	EFO_0007485	A pneumoconiosis that is an inflammation and scarring of the uper lobes of the lungs causing nodular lesions resulting from inhalation of silica, quartz or slate particles.	一个尘肺病，是炎症和引起结节性病变，吸入二氧化硅导致肺上叶疤痕，石英颗粒。
C0037199	Sinusitis	EFO_0007486	A paranasal sinus disease involving inflammation of the paranasal sinuses resulting from bacterial, fungal, viral infection, allergic or autoimmune issues. Symptoms can include fever, weakness, fatigue, cough and congestion. There may also be mucus drainage in the back of the throat, called postnasal drip.	鼻窦疾病，包括由细菌、真菌、病毒感染、过敏或自身免疫引起的鼻窦炎症。症状包括发烧、虚弱、疲劳、咳嗽和充血。也有可能在后面的喉咙粘液引流，称为鼻后滴漏。
C0037661	Somatostatinoma	EFO_1001187	A SOMATOSTATIN-secreting tumor derived from the pancreatic delta cells (SOMATOSTATIN-SECRETING CELLS). It is also found in the INTESTINE. Somatostatinomas are associated with DIABETES MELLITUS; CHOLELITHIASIS; STEATORRHEA; and HYPOCHLORHYDRIA. The majority of somatostatinomas have the potential for METASTASIS.	生长抑素分泌肿瘤来源于胰腺D细胞（somatostatin-secreting细胞）。它也存在于肠道。生长抑素瘤与糖尿病；胆石症；脂肪泻；与胃酸。对生长抑素瘤多数有转移潜能。
C0037383	Sneezing	EFO_0004290	The sudden, forceful, involuntary expulsion of air from the NOSE and MOUTH caused by irritation to the MUCOUS MEMBRANES of the upper RESPIRATORY TRACT.	由于上呼吸道粘膜受到刺激而突然、有力、不自觉地从鼻腔和口腔排出的空气。
C0037753	Sparganosis	EFO_0007488	A parasitic helminthiasis infectious disease that involves parasitic infection by the genus Spirometra. A painful nodule develops after the plerocercoid larvae migrate to the brain causing cerebral sparganosis. Subcutaneous tissue, breast, orbit, urinary tract, pleural cavity, lungs, abdominal viscera and inner ear can be infected.	寄生蠕虫病的传染病，包括寄生感染绦虫属。痛性结节的发展后，裂头蚴幼虫迁移到大脑引起脑裂头蚴病。皮下组织、乳房、眼眶、泌尿道、胸膜腔、肺、腹腔脏器和内耳均可感染。
C0038016	Spondylolisthesis	EFO_0007493	A bone structure disease that has_material_basis_in displacement located_in set of vertebrae.	骨结构的疾病，has_material_basis_in located_in组椎体位移。
C0037859	Spermatocele	EFO_1001189	A cystic dilation of the EPIDIDYMIS, usually in the head portion (caput epididymis). The cyst fluid contains dead SPERMATOZOA and can be easily differentiated from TESTICULAR HYDROCELE and other testicular lesions.	囊性扩张的附睾，通常在头部（附睾）。囊液含有死精子，可以很容易区分睾丸鞘膜积液及睾丸病变。
C0038019	Spondylosis	EFO_0000706	Heterogeneous group of arthritic diseases sharing clinical and radiologic features. They are associated with the HLA-B27 ANTIGEN and some with a triggering infection. Most involve the axial joints in the SPINE, particularly the SACROILIAC JOINT, but can also involve asymmetric peripheral joints. Subsets include ANKYLOSING SPONDYLITIS; REACTIVE ARTHRITIS; PSORIATIC ARTHRITIS; and others.	关节炎疾病的异质性：临床和放射学特征。他们与HLA-B27抗原和一些与触发感染有关。大多数累及脊柱的轴向关节，尤其是骶髂关节，但也可能涉及不对称的外周关节。亚型包括强直性脊柱炎、反应性关节炎、银屑病关节炎等。
C0038018	Spondylolysis	EFO_0005649	A bone structure disease that involves a defect in the lumbar vertebral column.	一种骨结构疾病，包括腰椎的一个缺陷。
C0949691	Spondylarthropathies	EFO_0000706	Heterogeneous group of arthritic diseases sharing clinical and radiologic features. They are associated with the HLA-B27 ANTIGEN and some with a triggering infection. Most involve the axial joints in the SPINE, particularly the SACROILIAC JOINT, but can also involve asymmetric peripheral joints. Subsets include ANKYLOSING SPONDYLITIS; REACTIVE ARTHRITIS; PSORIATIC ARTHRITIS; and others.	关节炎疾病的异质性：临床和放射学特征。他们与HLA-B27抗原和一些与触发感染有关。大多数累及脊柱的轴向关节，尤其是骶髂关节，但也可能涉及不对称的外周关节。亚型包括强直性脊柱炎、反应性关节炎、银屑病关节炎等。
C0038814	Sunburn	EFO_0003958	An injury to the skin causing erythema, tenderness, and sometimes blistering and resulting from excessive exposure to the sun. The reaction is produced by the ultraviolet radiation in sunlight.	由于过度暴露在阳光下而导致皮肤红斑、触痛、有时起泡的皮肤损伤。这种反应是由阳光中的紫外线辐射产生的。
C0039503	Tendinitis	EFO_1001434	Clinical syndrome describing overuse tendon injuries characterized by a combination of PAIN, diffuse or localized swelling, and impaired performance. Distinguishing tendinosis from tendinitis is clinically difficult and can be made only after histopathological examination.	描述过度使用的肌腱损伤的临床症状，特征是疼痛、弥漫性或局部肿胀以及受损的表现。从临床上很难区分肌腱炎肌腱炎是后方可进行组织病理学检查。
C0039128	Syphilis	EFO_0007504	A primary bacterial infectious disease that is a sexually transmitted systemic disease, has_material_basis_in Treponema pallidum subsp pallidum, which is transmitted_by sexual contact, transmitted_by blood product transfusion, transmitted_by congenital method from mother to fetus or transmitted_by contact with infectious lesions. If left untreated, produces chancres, rashes, and systemic lesions in a clinical course with three stages continued over many years.	原发性细菌性传染病，是一种性传播性疾病，has_material_basis_in梅毒螺旋体梅毒亚种，这是transmitted_by性接触，transmitted_by输血制品，transmitted_by先天方法母婴或感染性病变transmitted_by接触。如果不及时治疗，会产生下疳、皮疹和多年的三阶段继续在临床全身性病变。
C0038362	Stomatitis	EFO_1001904	Inflammation of the mucous membranes of any of the structures in the mouth.	口腔粘膜结构的炎症。
C1568272	Tendinopathy	EFO_1001434	Clinical syndrome describing overuse tendon injuries characterized by a combination of PAIN, diffuse or localized swelling, and impaired performance. Distinguishing tendinosis from tendinitis is clinically difficult and can be made only after histopathological examination.	描述过度使用的肌腱损伤的临床症状，特征是疼痛、弥漫性或局部肿胀以及受损的表现。从临床上很难区分肌腱炎肌腱炎是后方可进行组织病理学检查。
C0040247	Tinea	EFO_0007510	A cutaneous mycosis that results_in fungal infection located_in skin, located_in hair, and located_in nail, has_material_basis_in Epidermophyton, has_material_basis_in Microsporum, or has_material_basis_in Trichophyton, which invade the dead keratin and has_symptom itchy patches, and has_symptom red rash on the skin.	皮肤真菌病，results_in真菌感染located_in located_in皮肤，头发，指甲和located_in，has_material_basis_in絮状表皮癣菌、毛癣菌或has_material_basis_in，has_material_basis_in，侵入死角蛋白和has_symptom发痒、红疹的皮肤和has_symptom。
C1568363	Tendinosis	EFO_1001434	Clinical syndrome describing overuse tendon injuries characterized by a combination of PAIN, diffuse or localized swelling, and impaired performance. Distinguishing tendinosis from tendinitis is clinically difficult and can be made only after histopathological examination.	描述过度使用的肌腱损伤的临床症状，特征是疼痛、弥漫性或局部肿胀以及受损的表现。从临床上很难区分肌腱炎肌腱炎是后方可进行组织病理学检查。
C0039520	Tenosynovitis	EFO_1001435	Inflammation of the synovial lining of a tendon sheath. Causes include trauma, tendon stress, bacterial disease (gonorrhea, tuberculosis), rheumatic disease, and gout. Common sites are the hand, wrist, shoulder capsule, hip capsule, hamstring muscles, and Achilles tendon. The tendon sheaths become inflamed and painful, and accumulate fluid. Joint mobility is usually reduced.	腱鞘滑膜衬里的炎症。病因包括创伤、肌腱应力、细菌性疾病（淋病、肺结核）、风湿性疾病和痛风。常见的部位有手、腕、肩囊、髋关节囊、腘绳肌和Achilles tendon。腱鞘红肿疼痛，积液。关节活动度通常降低。
C0040100	Thymoma	EFO_1000581	A neoplasm arising from the epithelial cells of the thymus. Although thymomas are usually encapsulated tumors, they may invade the capsule and infiltrate the surrounding tissues or even metastasize to distant anatomic sites. The following morphologic subtypes are currently recognized: type A, type B, type AB, metaplastic, micronodular, microscopic, and sclerosing thymoma. Thymomas type B are further subdivided into types B1, B2, and B3. Thymoma type B3 usually has the most aggressive clinical course.	胸腺上皮细胞产生的肿瘤。虽然胸腺瘤通常封装的肿瘤，他们会侵入胶囊和浸润周围组织或转移到远处部位。以下是目前公认的形态学亚型：A型、B型、AB型、化生、小结节型、微观和硬化性胸腺瘤。胸腺瘤B型进一步细分为B1 B2和B3型。胸腺瘤型B3通常具有最积极的临床病程。
C0040558	Toxoplasmosis	EFO_0007517	A coccidiosis that has_material_basis_in protozoan Toxoplasma gondii. The parasite effects most genera of warm-blooded animals, including humans, but the primary host is the felid (cat) family. Animals are infected by eating infected meat, by ingestion of feces of a cat that has itself recently been infected, or transmission_by mother to fetus. The symptoms include bilateral, nontender cervical or axillary lymphadenopathy, fever, malaise, myalgia, hepatosplenomegaly, anemia and leukopenia.	一种球虫，has_material_basis_in原生动物弓形虫。寄生虫的影响大部分属温血动物，包括人类，但主要宿主是猫科动物（猫）的家庭。动物是通过食用被感染的肉类感染，由一只猫，最近就被感染的粪便摄入，或transmission_by母婴。症状包括双侧，无痛性颈部或腋窝淋巴结肿大、发热、乏力、肌痛、肝脾肿大、贫血、白细胞减少症。
C0040896	Trichinellosis	EFO_0007520	A parasitic helminthiasis infectious disease that involves parasitic infection of animals and humans by Trichinella spiralis, Trichinella nativa or Trichinella britovi . Intestinal invasion causes diarrhea, abdominal pain and vomiting. Larval migration into muscle tissues can cause periorbital and facial edema, conjunctivitis, fever, myalgias, splinter hemorrhages, rashes, and blood eosinophilia. Myocarditis, central nervous system involvement, and pneumonitis can also occur.	寄生蠕虫病的传染病，包括人类和动物的寄生虫感染或Trichinella spiralis，乡土旋毛虫旋毛虫britovi。肠道侵袭可引起腹泻、腹痛和呕吐。幼虫移行到肌肉组织可引起眶周及面部水肿、结膜炎、发热、肌痛、裂片形出血、皮疹、血嗜酸性粒细胞增多症。心肌炎，中枢神经系统受累，肺炎也可发生。
C0040947	Trichostrongyloidiasis	EFO_0007522	A parasitic helminthiasis infectious disease that involves parasitic infection of animals and humans by nematodes of the superfamily Trichostrongyloidea.	寄生蠕虫病的传染病，包括动物和人类的家族毛园总科线虫寄生虫感染。
C0041351	Tularemia	EFO_1001444	A plague-like disease of rodents, transmissible to man. It is caused by FRANCISELLA TULARENSIS and is characterized by fever, chills, headache, backache, and weakness.	啮齿动物的一种类似瘟疫的疾病，可传染给人类。它是由土拉弗氏菌引起，主要症状为发热、寒战、头痛、背痛、乏力。
C0041471	TYPHUS	EFO_0007182	An epidemic typhus that is a mild form of the disease, which recurs in someone after a long period of latency due to immunosuppression, malnutrition or other illnesses.	一种流行性斑疹伤寒，是一种温和形式的疾病，复发，有人长时间的潜伏期后由于免疫抑制，营养不良或其他疾病。
C0041296	Tuberculosis	EFO_0000774	Any of the infectious diseases of man and other animals caused by species of MYCOBACTERIUM., A chronic, recurrent infection caused by the bacterium Mycobacterium tuberculosis. Tuberculosis (TB) may affect almost any tissue or organ of the body with the lungs being the most common site of infection. The clinical stages of TB are primary or initial infection, latent or dormant infection, and recrudescent or adult-type TB. Ninety to 95% of primary TB infections may go unrecognized. Histopathologically, tissue lesions consist of granulomas which usually undergo central caseation necrosis. Local symptoms of TB vary according to the part affected; acute symptoms include hectic fever, sweats, and emaciation; serious complications include granulomatous erosion of pulmonary bronchi associated with hemoptysis. If untreated, progressive TB may be associated with a high degree of mortality. This infection is frequently observed in immunocompromised individuals with AIDS or a history of illicit IV drug use. --2004	由分枝杆菌引起的人和其他动物的传染病，是由结核分枝杆菌引起的慢性反复感染。肺结核可能影响身体的任何组织或器官，肺部是最常见的感染部位。肺结核的临床阶段的初级感染、隐性或潜伏感染，复发性或成人型肺结核。九十至95%的原发性结核感染可能无法识别。组织病理学检查，病变由肉芽肿通常接受中央的干酪样坏死。肺结核局部症状根据不同部分的影响；急性症状包括潮热、盗汗、消瘦；严重的并发症包括肺支气管伴咯血肉芽肿侵蚀。如果未经治疗，进展性结核病可能与高死亡率相关。艾滋病病毒感染者或非法使用IV类药物的患者中经常观察到这种感染。- 2004
C0041948	Uremia	EFO_1001226	A clinical syndrome associated with the retention of renal waste products or uremic toxins in the blood. It is usually the result of RENAL INSUFFICIENCY. Most uremic toxins are end products of protein or nitrogen CATABOLISM, such as UREA or CREATININE. Severe uremia can lead to multiple organ dysfunctions with a constellation of symptoms.	与肾排泄物或尿毒症毒素在血液中滞留有关的临床综合征。它通常是肾功能不全的结果。大多数尿毒症毒素是蛋白质或氮分解代谢产物的最终产物，如尿素或肌酐。严重的尿毒症可导致多器官功能障碍，并伴有一系列症状。
C0041960	Ureterocele	EFO_1001227	A cystic dilatation of the end of a URETER as it enters into the URINARY BLADDER. It is characterized by the ballooning of the ureteral orifice into the lumen of the bladder and may obstruct urine flow.	输尿管末端进入膀胱的囊状扩张。它的特征是输尿管口的鼓胀进入膀胱腔，并可能阻碍尿液流动。
C0041976	Urethritis	EFO_0003878	Inflammation involving the URETHRA. Similar to CYSTITIS, clinical symptoms range from vague discomfort to painful urination (DYSURIA), urethral discharge, or both.	尿道炎症。与膀胱炎相似，临床症状从不适到尿痛（排尿困难）、尿道分泌物或两者都有。
C0042109	Urticaria	EFO_0005531	Urticaria is a kind of skin rash notable for pale red, raised, itchy bumps that might also cause a burning or stinging sensation. It is often but not necessarily caused by an allergic reaction.	荨麻疹是一种皮疹，以浅红色，凸起，发痒的颠簸，也可能引起烧灼感或刺痛感。这通常，但不一定是由过敏反应引起的。
C0042267	Vaginitis	EFO_0005757	local accumulation of fluid, plasma proteins, and leukocytes in the vagina	阴道内体液、血浆蛋白和白细胞的局部积聚
C0221232	Welts	EFO_0005531	Urticaria is a kind of skin rash notable for pale red, raised, itchy bumps that might also cause a burning or stinging sensation. It is often but not necessarily caused by an allergic reaction.	荨麻疹是一种皮疹，以浅红色，凸起，发痒的颠簸，也可能引起烧灼感或刺痛感。这通常，但不一定是由过敏反应引起的。
C0042164	Uveitis	EFO_1001231	inflammation of one or all portions of the uveal tract	一个或所有部分的葡萄膜炎
C0042384	Vasculitis	EFO_0006803	A group of disorders that destroy blood vessels by inflammation. Both arteries and veins are affected.	通过炎症破坏血管的一组疾病。动脉和静脉都受到影响。
C0079924	Oligohydramnios	EFO_0007401	A placenta disease that is characterized by a deficiency of amniotic fluid sometimes resulting in an embryonic defect through adherence between embryo and amnion.	一种胎盘疾病，以羊水缺乏为特征，有时由于胚胎和羊膜粘连而导致胚胎发育缺陷。
C0042900	Vitiligo	EFO_0004208	A disorder consisting of areas of macular depigmentation, commonly on extensor aspects of extremities, on the face or neck, and in skin folds. Age of onset is often in young adulthood and the condition tends to progress gradually with lesions enlarging and extending until a quiescent state is reached.	一种由黄斑色素脱失区组成的疾病，通常发生在四肢、面部或颈部、皮肤皱褶处。发病年龄通常在青年期，病情随着病变的扩大和扩展逐渐发展，直至达到静止状态。
C0042998	Vulvovaginitis	EFO_1001240	Inflammation of the VULVA and the VAGINA, characterized by discharge, burning, and PRURITUS.	外阴炎外阴和阴道的炎症，以分泌物、烧灼和瘙痒为特征。
C0043167	Pertussis	EFO_0000650	A respiratory infection caused by BORDETELLA PERTUSSIS and characterized by paroxysmal coughing ending in a prolonged crowing intake of breath., A respiratory system infectious disease that is caused by bacteria of the genus Bordetella characterized by a prolonged, high-pitched, deeply indrawn breath (whoop). The bacterium Bordetella pertussis causes a highly contagious form of whooping cough, and a milder disease is caused by Bordetella parapertussis., A commensal Alcaligenaceae infectious disease and is_a respiratory system disease that is caused by bacteria of the genus Bordetella characterized by a prolonged, high-pitched, deeply indrawn breath (whoop). The bacterium Bordetella pertussis causes a highly contagious form of whooping cough, and a milder disease is caused by Bordetella parapertussis.	百日咳博德特氏菌引起的呼吸道感染和其特点为阵发性咳嗽结束长期的啼叫的吸气，呼吸系统传染病，是由以延长，高音属百日咳菌引起的深呼吸，吸入（呐喊）。该菌百日咳杆菌引起的一种高度传染性的百日咳的形式，和一个温和的病是由副百日咳杆菌引起的，一个共生科传染病和呼吸系统疾病，is_a用以延长，高音属百日咳菌引起的深呼吸，吸入（呐喊）。该菌百日咳杆菌引起的一种高度传染性的百日咳的形式，和一个温和的疾病是造成Bordetella parapertussis。
C0266508	Rachischisis	EFO_1001210	Congenital defects of closure of one or more vertebral arches, which may be associated with malformations of the spinal cord, nerve roots, congenital fibrous bands, lipomas, and congenital cysts. These malformations range from mild (e.g., SPINA BIFIDA OCCULTA) to severe, including rachischisis where there is complete failure of neural tube and spinal cord fusion, resulting in exposure of the spinal cord at the surface. Spinal dysraphism includes all forms of spina bifida. The open form is called SPINA BIFIDA CYSTICA and the closed form is SPINA BIFIDA OCCULTA. (From Joynt, Clinical Neurology, 1992, Ch55, p34)	对一个或多个椎弓闭合先天性缺陷，这可能与脊髓、神经根畸形，先天性纤维带、脂肪瘤、先天性囊肿。这些范围从轻度畸形（如脊柱裂）严重，包括脊柱裂有神经管和脊髓融合完全失效，导致脊髓暴露在表面。脊柱裂包括所有形式的脊柱裂。开放的形式被称为囊性脊柱裂和封闭的形式是隐性脊柱裂。（从Joynt，临床神经病学，1992，ch55，P34）
C0085655	Polymyositis	EFO_0003063	Polymyositis (PM)("inflammation of many muscles") is a type of chronic inflammation of the muscles (inflammatory myopathy) related to dermatomyositis and inclusion body myositis.	多发性肌炎（PM）（“许多肌肉炎症）是一种肌肉的慢性炎症（炎性肌病）对皮肌炎和包涵体肌炎相关。
C0085412	Encephalitozoonosis	EFO_0007250	A microsporidiosis that is a zoonotic infectious disease results_in disseminated fungal infection in dogs, cats, hamsters, guinea pigs, rats, mice and humans, has_material_basis_in Encephalitozoon cuniculi, has_material_basis_in Encephalitozoon intestinalis or has_material_basis_in Encephalitozoon hellem.	一种微孢子虫病是一种人畜共患的传染病results_in播散性真菌感染的狗、猫、仓鼠、豚鼠、大鼠、小鼠和人类，has_material_basis_in兔脑炎原虫，has_material_basis_in脑炎肠或has_material_basis_in脑炎hellem。
C0086543	Cataract	EFO_0001059	Partial or complete opacity on or in the lens or capsule of one or both eyes, impairing vision or causing blindness. The many kinds of cataract are classified by their morphology (size, shape, location) or etiology (cause and time of occurrence). (Dorland, 27th ed), Partial or complete opacity of the crystalline lens of one or both eyes that decreases visual acuity and eventually results in blindness. Some cataracts appear in infancy or in childhood, but most develop in older individuals. (Sternberg Diagnostic Surgical Pathology, 3rd ed.), Partial or complete opacity of the crystalline lens of one or both eyes that decreases visual acuity and eventually results in blindness.  Some cataracts appear in infancy or in childhood, but most develop in older individuals. (Sternberg Diagnostic Surgical Pathology, 3rd ed.)	双眼或双眼晶状体或胶囊的部分或完全不透明，损害视力或导致失明。许多类型的白内障按其形态（大小、形状、位置）或病因（病因和发生时间）进行分类。（Dorland，第二十七版），部分或完整的晶状体单眼或双眼视力下降，最终导致失明的透明度。有些白内障出现在婴儿期或儿童期，但大多数发生在老年人身上。（斯腾伯格诊断外科病理学，第三版），部分或完全不透明的晶状体的一个或两个眼睛，降低视力，并最终导致失明。有些白内障出现在婴儿期或儿童期，但大多数发生在老年人身上。（斯腾伯格诊断外科病理学，第三版）
C0524524	Pseudoaphakia	EFO_0001059	Partial or complete opacity on or in the lens or capsule of one or both eyes, impairing vision or causing blindness. The many kinds of cataract are classified by their morphology (size, shape, location) or etiology (cause and time of occurrence). (Dorland, 27th ed), Partial or complete opacity of the crystalline lens of one or both eyes that decreases visual acuity and eventually results in blindness. Some cataracts appear in infancy or in childhood, but most develop in older individuals. (Sternberg Diagnostic Surgical Pathology, 3rd ed.), Partial or complete opacity of the crystalline lens of one or both eyes that decreases visual acuity and eventually results in blindness.  Some cataracts appear in infancy or in childhood, but most develop in older individuals. (Sternberg Diagnostic Surgical Pathology, 3rd ed.)	双眼或双眼晶状体或胶囊的部分或完全不透明，损害视力或导致失明。许多类型的白内障按其形态（大小、形状、位置）或病因（病因和发生时间）进行分类。（Dorland，第二十七版），部分或完整的晶状体单眼或双眼视力下降，最终导致失明的透明度。有些白内障出现在婴儿期或儿童期，但大多数发生在老年人身上。（斯腾伯格诊断外科病理学，第三版），部分或完全不透明的晶状体的一个或两个眼睛，降低视力，并最终导致失明。有些白内障出现在婴儿期或儿童期，但大多数发生在老年人身上。（斯腾伯格诊断外科病理学，第三版）
C0151934	Hypogeusia	EFO_1001758	Complete or severe loss of the subjective sense of taste, frequently accompanied by OLFACTION DISORDERS.	完全或严重丧失主观味觉，常伴有嗅觉障碍。
C2364111	Ageusia	EFO_1001758	Complete or severe loss of the subjective sense of taste, frequently accompanied by OLFACTION DISORDERS.	完全或严重丧失主观味觉，常伴有嗅觉障碍。
C0152066	Lobomycosis	EFO_1001805	A chronic, fungal, subcutaneous infection endemic in rural regions in South America and Central America. The causal organism is Lacazia labol.	一种慢性真菌皮下感染，流行于南美洲和美国中部的农村地区。病原是Lacazia labol。
C0152020	Gastroparesis	EFO_1000948	Chronic delayed gastric emptying. Gastroparesis may be caused by motor dysfunction or paralysis of STOMACH muscles or may be associated with other systemic diseases such as DIABETES MELLITUS.	慢性胃排空障碍。胃轻瘫可由运动功能障碍或胃肌瘫痪引起，也可能与其他系统性疾病如糖尿病有关。
C0162429	Malnutrition	EFO_0001069	Any condition related to a disturbance between proper intake and utilization of nourishment.	与适当摄取和利用营养有关的任何状况。
C0152255	Pinguecula	EFO_1001824	A yellowish thickened lesion on the conjunctiva near the CORNEA representing a benign degenerative change in the CONJUNCTIVA caused by the leakage and deposition of certain blood proteins through the permeable capillaries near the LIMBUS.	角膜结膜附近的一种淡黄色增厚的病变，代表某些血液蛋白在角膜缘附近的渗透性毛细血管渗漏和沉积引起的结膜良性退行性改变。
C0392156	Akathisia	EFO_1000903	A condition associated with the use of certain medications and characterized by an internal sense of motor restlessness often described as an inability to resist the urge to move.	一种与某些药物的使用有关的症状，其特征是一种内在的运动不安感，常被描述为无法抵抗移动的冲动。
C0162429	Malnutrition	EFO_1001067	Any condition resulting from the lack of one or more nutrients that the body needs to maintain healthy tissues and organ function	由于缺乏一个或多个营养素，身体需要维持健康的组织和器官功能而导致的状况。
C0205699	Carcinomatosis	EFO_0000313	A type of malignant cancer that arises from epithelial cells tending to infiltrate the surrounding tissues and give rise to metastases.	一种恶性肿瘤，由上皮细胞引起，浸润周围组织并引起转移。
C0205833	Medullomyoblastoma	EFO_1000368	A rare malignant embryonal neoplasm arising from the cerebellum. It is characterized by the morphologic features of a medulloblastoma and the presence of a striated muscle component. Its clinical behavior is similar to medulloblastoma.	小脑的一种罕见的恶性胚胎性肿瘤。其特征是髓母细胞瘤的形态特征和横纹肌成分的存在。其临床表现与髓母细胞瘤相似。
C0162576	Anisakiasis	EFO_0007146	A parasitic helminthiasis infectious disease that results_in infection located_in intestinal mucosa with larvae of the nematodes transmitted_by ingestion of raw or poorly cooked saltwater fish, has_material_basis_in Anisakis simplex or has_material_basis_in Pseudoterranova decipiens and has_symptom abdominal pain, has_symptom nausea and vomiting. Invasive anisakiasis results in the infection of omentum, pancreas, liver, and lung.	寄生蠕虫病的传染病，located_in results_in感染肠黏膜对生的或未煮熟的淡水鱼transmitted_by摄入线虫幼虫，has_material_basis_in Anisakis单纯形或has_material_basis_in Pseudoterranova decipiens和has_symptom腹痛、恶心、呕吐has_symptom。创异尖线虫病导致网膜、胰腺、肝脏和肺部感染。
C1261473	Sarcoma	EFO_0000691	A cancer that affects connective tissue resulting in mesoderm proliferation., A malignant mesenchymal neoplasm arising exclusively from the soft tissues.  Representative examples include soft tissue sarcoma, extraosseous Ewing sarcoma/peripheral primitive neuroectodermal tumor, and malignant hemangiopericytoma., Neoplasms developing from some structure of the connective and subcutaneous tissue. The concept does not refer to neoplasms located in connective or soft tissue., A malignant mesenchymal neoplasm arising from muscle tissue, adipose tissue, blood vessels, fibrous tissue, or other supportive tissues excluding the bones., A usually aggressive malignant mesenchymal cell tumor most commonly arising from muscle, fat, fibrous tissue, bone, cartilage, and blood vessels.  Sarcomas occur in both children and adults.  The prognosis depends largely on the degree of differentiation (grade) of the tumor.  Representative subtypes are liposarcoma, leiomyosarcoma, osteosarcoma, and chondrosarcoma., Type of cancer of the bone, cartilage, fat, muscle, blood vessels, or other connective or supportive tissue.	一种影响结缔组织导致中胚层增生的癌症，一种仅由软组织产生的恶性间质肿瘤。典型的例子包括软组织肉瘤、骨外尤因肉瘤/外周原始神经外胚层肿瘤，恶性血管外皮细胞瘤，肿瘤在结缔组织和皮下组织结构发展。的概念不是指位于结缔组织或软组织肿瘤，由肌肉组织、脂肪组织、血管、纤维组织发生恶性间质肿瘤，或其他支持组织包括骨骼，通常为恶性间质细胞瘤最常见的引起的肌肉、脂肪、纤维组织、骨、软骨、和血管。肉瘤发生在儿童和成人。预后主要取决于肿瘤的分化程度。具有代表性的亚型脂肪肉瘤、平滑肌肉瘤、骨肉瘤、软骨肉瘤、。，对骨、软骨、脂肪、肌肉、血管的癌症，或其他结缔组织或支持组织。
C0206624	Hepatoblastoma	EFO_0000182	A malignant tumor that arises from hepatocytes. Hepatocellular carcinoma is relatively rare in the United States but very common in all African countries south of the Sahara and in Southeast Asia. Most cases are seen in patients over the age of 50 years, but this tumor can also occur in younger individuals and even in children. Hepatocellular carcinoma is more common in males than females and is associated with hepatitis B, hepatitis C, chronic alcohol abuse and cirrhosis. Serum elevation of alpha-fetoprotein occurs in a large percentage of patients with hepatocellular carcinoma. Grossly, hepatocellular carcinoma may present as a single mass, as multiple nodules, or as diffuse liver involvement. Microscopically, there is a wide range of differentiation from tumor to tumor (well differentiated to poorly differentiated tumors). Hepatocellular carcinomas quickly metastasize to regional lymph nodes and lung. The overall median survival of untreated liver cell carcinoma is about 4 months. The most effective treatment of hepatocellular carcinoma is complete resection of the tumor. Lately, an increasing number of tumors have been treated with liver transplantation., Tumors or cancer of the LIVER., A malignant tumor that arises from hepatocytes.  Hepatocellular carcinoma is relatively rare in the United States but very common in all African countries south of the Sahara and in Southeast Asia.  Most cases are seen in patients over the age of 50 years, but this tumor can also occur in younger individuals and even in children.  Hepatocellular carcinoma is more common in males than females and is associated with hepatitis B, hepatitis C, chronic alcohol abuse and cirrhosis.  Serum elevation of alpha-fetoprotein occurs in a large percentage of patients with hepatocellular carcinoma.  Grossly, hepatocellular carcinoma may present as a single mass, as multiple nodules, or as diffuse liver involvement.  Microscopically, there is a wide range of differentiation from tumor to tumor (well differentiated to poorly differentiated tumors).  Hepatocellular carcinomas quickly metastasize to regional lymph nodes and lung.  The overall median survival of untreated liver cell carcinoma is about 4 months.  The most effective treatment of hepatocellular carcinoma is complete resection of the tumor.  Lately, an increasing number of tumors have been treated with liver transplantation. --2002, A primary malignant neoplasm of epithelial liver cells. It ranges from a well-differentiated tumor with EPITHELIAL CELLS indistinguishable from normal HEPATOCYTES to a poorly differentiated neoplasm. The cells may be uniform or markedly pleomorphic, or form GIANT CELLS. Several classification schemes have been suggested.	由肝细胞引起的恶性肿瘤。在美国，肝细胞癌比较少见，但在Sahara和南洋南部的所有非洲国家都很常见。大多数病例见于50岁以上的患者，但这种肿瘤也可能发生在年轻人身上，甚至在儿童身上。肝细胞癌在男性中比女性更常见，并与乙型肝炎、丙型肝炎、慢性酒精滥用和肝硬化有关。甲胎蛋白升高在肝细胞癌患者中占很大比例。大体上，肝细胞癌可能表现为单个肿块，如多发结节或弥漫性肝受累。显微镜下，肿瘤分化很广（分化良好的低分化肿瘤）。肝细胞癌的迅速转移到区域淋巴结和肺。未经治疗的肝细胞癌的中位生存期约为4个月。肝癌最有效的治疗方法是彻底切除肿瘤。近来，越来越多的肿瘤被接受肝移植治疗，肿瘤或肝肿瘤，一种由肝细胞引起的恶性肿瘤。在美国，肝细胞癌比较少见，但在Sahara和南洋南部的所有非洲国家都很常见。大多数病例见于50岁以上的患者，但这种肿瘤也可能发生在年轻人身上，甚至在儿童身上。肝细胞癌在男性中比女性更常见，并与乙型肝炎、丙型肝炎、慢性酒精滥用和肝硬化有关。甲胎蛋白升高在肝细胞癌患者中占很大比例。大体上，肝细胞癌可能表现为单个肿块，如多发结节或弥漫性肝受累。显微镜下，肿瘤分化很广（分化良好的低分化肿瘤）。肝细胞癌的迅速转移到区域淋巴结和肺。未经治疗的肝细胞癌的中位生存期约为4个月。肝癌最有效的治疗方法是彻底切除肿瘤。近来，越来越多的肿瘤被接受肝移植治疗。- 2002，上皮性肝细胞原发性恶性肿瘤。它的范围从分化良好的上皮细胞与正常肝细胞区别为低分化肿瘤。细胞可能是均匀的或明显多形的，或形成巨细胞。已经提出了几种分类方案。
C0206622	Adenomyoma	EFO_0007133	A carcinosarcoma that has_material_basis_in gland and muscle components.	癌肉瘤，has_material_basis_in腺和肌肉成分。
C0206624	Hepatoblastoma	EFO_0000762	A benign epithelial neoplasm arising from the hepatocytes. Grossly, it appears as a soft, round mass which often contains areas of hemorrhage and necrosis. Morphologically, the neoplastic cells resemble normal hepatocytes and form plates separated by sinusoids. Most patients have a history of contraceptive or anabolic steroids use.	由肝细胞引起的良性上皮性肿瘤。大体上，它是一个软而圆的肿块，常含有出血和坏死的区域。形态学上，肿瘤细胞与正常肝细胞相似，形成由血窦隔开的板块。大多数患者有避孕或合成类固醇使用史。
C0206624	Hepatoblastoma	EFO_1000292	A malignant liver neoplasm that occurs almost exclusively in infants, although isolated cases in older children and adults have been reported. Grossly, hepatoblastoma is solid, well circumscribed, and more often solitary than multiple. Microscopically, most of the tumors are composed exclusively of immature hepatocytic elements. About a fourth of hepatoblastomas contain a stromal component that may be undifferentiated or develop into bone or cartilage. The treatment of choice for hepatoblastoma is surgical excision with adjuvant therapy. Liver transplantation is being increasingly used as well.	一种几乎完全发生在婴儿身上的恶性肝脏肿瘤，但在年龄较大的儿童和成人中有孤立的病例报告。大体上，肝母细胞瘤是实心的，边界清楚，往往比多孤独。镜下，肿瘤多是由专门的不成熟肝细胞的元素。大约第四的肝母细胞瘤含有间质成分，可能是未分化或发展成骨或软骨。肝母细胞瘤的首选治疗方法是手术切除和辅助治疗。肝移植也越来越多地被使用。
C0206635	Myelolipoma	EFO_1000074	A benign soft tissue lesion arising from the adrenal gland. It is composed of mature adipose and hematopoietic/lymphoid tissues.	肾上腺的良性软组织损伤。它由成熟的脂肪和造血/淋巴组织组成。
C0206653	Angiomyoma	EFO_1000806	A benign tumor consisting of vascular and smooth muscle elements.	由血管和平滑肌组成的良性肿瘤。
C0206653	Angiomyoma	EFO_1000084	A benign, slow-growing neoplasm that arises from the dermis or subcutaneous tissue. It is characterized by the presence of well-differentiated smooth muscle cells which are arranged around numerous vessels.	一种良性的、缓慢生长的肿瘤，由真皮或皮下组织产生。它的特征是在许多血管周围排列着高分化的平滑肌细胞。
C0206698	Cholangiocarcinoma	EFO_0005221	A carcinoma that arises from the intrahepatic biliary tree (intrahepatic cholangiocarcinoma) or from the junction, or adjacent to the junction, of the right and left hepatic ducts (hilar cholangiocarcinoma). Grossly, the malignant lesions are solid, nodular, and grayish. Morphologically, the vast majority of cases are adenocarcinomas. Signs and symptoms include malaise, weight loss, right upper quadrant abdominal pain, and night sweats. Early detection is difficult and the prognosis is generally poor.	由肝内胆管树（肝内胆管癌）或左右肝管交界处或肝门胆管交界处产生的一种癌。大体上，恶性病变为实性结节状和浅灰色。从形态学上看，绝大多数病例是腺癌。症状和体征包括不适、体重减轻、右上腹疼痛和盗汗。早期发现困难，预后一般较差。
C0206711	Pilomatrixoma	EFO_1000120	A non-metastasizing neoplasm that arises from the hair follicles, sebaceous glands, or sweat glands. Representative examples include cylindroma, hidrocystoma, hidradenoma, and sebaceoma.	非转移性肿瘤发生于毛囊、皮脂腺和汗腺。典型的例子包括圆柱瘤、汗腺囊瘤，汗腺和皮脂瘤。
C3887678	CPNET	EFO_0005235	Primitive neuroectodermal tumours (PNET) are cancerous tumours that usually develop in the brain or spinal cord in children or young adults.	原始神经外胚层肿瘤（PNET）是恶性肿瘤，通常发生在儿童或年轻人的大脑或脊髓。
C0206718	Ganglioneuroblastoma	EFO_0000502	A neuroblastic tumor characterized by the presence of neuroblastic cells, ganglion cells, and a stroma with Schwannian differentiation constituting more than fifty-percent of the tumor volume.  There are two histologic subtypes identified: ganglioneuroblastoma, intermixed and ganglioneuroblastoma, and nodular., A moderately malignant neoplasm composed of primitive neuroectodermal cells dispersed in myxomatous or fibrous stroma intermixed with mature ganglion cells. It may undergo transformation into a neuroblastoma. It arises from the sympathetic trunk or less frequently from the adrenal medulla, cerebral cortex, and other locations. Cervical ganglioneuroblastomas may be associated with HORNER SYNDROME and the tumor may occasionally secrete vasoactive intestinal peptide, resulting in chronic diarrhea., A moderately malignant neoplasm composed of primitive neuroectodermal cells dispersed in myxomatous or fibrous stroma intermixed with mature ganglion cells. It may undergo transformation into a neuroblastoma. It arises from the sympathetic trunk or less frequently from the adrenal medulla, cerebral cortex, and other locations. Cervical ganglioneuroblastomas may be associated with HORNER SYNDROME and the tumor may occasionally secrete vasoactive intestinal peptide, resulting in chronic diarrhea (MeSH)., A neuroblastic tumor characterized by the presence of neuroblastic cells, ganglion cells, and a stroma with Schwannian differentiation constituting more than fifty-percent of the tumor volume.  There are two histologic subtypes identified: ganglioneuroblastoma, intermixed and ganglioneuroblastoma, nodular.	一个神经母细胞瘤为特征的神经母细胞，神经节细胞的存在，和schwannian分化构成超过百分之五十间质肿瘤体积。有两种组织学亚型鉴定：节细胞神经母细胞瘤和神经节细胞瘤，混合，和结节，中度恶性肿瘤由原始神经外胚叶细胞分散在纤维间质粘液或混有成熟的神经节细胞。它可能转变成神经母细胞瘤。它由交感神经干或肾上腺髓质、大脑皮质等部位产生。颈神经节可能与Horner综合征和肿瘤相关可能偶尔分泌血管活性肠肽，导致慢性腹泻，中度恶性肿瘤由原始神经外胚叶细胞分散在纤维间质粘液或混有成熟的神经节细胞。它可能转变成神经母细胞瘤。它由交感神经干或肾上腺髓质、大脑皮质等部位产生。颈神经节可能与Horner综合征和肿瘤相关可能偶尔分泌血管活性肠肽，导致慢性腹泻（网），一个神经母细胞肿瘤为特征的神经母细胞，神经节细胞的存在，和schwannian分化构成超过百分之五十间质肿瘤体积。有两种组织学亚型鉴定：节细胞神经母细胞瘤、混合和节细胞神经母细胞瘤、结节性。
C0206716	Ganglioglioma	EFO_0003094	A well differentiated, slow growing neuroepithelial neoplasm composed of neoplastic, mature ganglion cells and neoplastic glial cells. Some gangliogliomas show anaplastic features in their glial component and are considered to be WHO grade III. Rare cases of newly diagnosed gangliogliomas with grade IV (glioblastoma) changes in the glial component have also been reported.	分化良好，生长缓慢，神经上皮肿瘤由肿瘤、成熟的神经节细胞和神经胶质细胞瘤。一些神经节细胞胶质瘤显示在他们的胶质成分的未分化的特点，被认为是WHO III级稀有例新诊断神经胶质瘤（胶质母细胞瘤IV级）的胶质成分的变化也有报道。
C1622510	Neurocytoma	EFO_1000856	A benign brain tumor composed of neural elements which most often arise from the SEPTUM PELLUCIDUM and the walls of the lateral ventricles. Immunohistochemistry and electron microscopy evaluations may reveal expression of neuron specific enolase and synaptophysin and cells containing microtubuli, neurosecretory granules, and presynaptic vesicles. (From Acta Med Port 1994 Feb;7(2):113-9)	一个由神经元素，最常出现的透明隔和侧脑室壁良性脑肿瘤。免疫组织化学和电子显微镜的评价可能揭示神经元特异性烯醇化酶和突触素和含有微管、神经分泌颗粒细胞中的表达，与突触前囊泡。（从地中海港口学报1994 Feb；7（2）：113-9）
C0206726	gliosarcoma	EFO_1001465	Gliosarcoma is a rare type of glioma, a cancer of the brain that comes from glial, or supportive, brain cells, as opposed to the neural brain cells. Gliosarcoma is a malignant cancer, and is defined as a glioblastoma consisting of gliomatous and sarcomatous components.	胶质肉瘤是一种少见类型的胶质瘤，一种大脑来自胶质，或支持，脑细胞的癌症，而不是大脑的神经细胞。胶质肉瘤是一种恶性肿瘤，并被定义为一个由胶质瘤和肉瘤成分胶质母细胞瘤。
C0206729	Neurofibrosarcoma	EFO_0000194	An uncommon, highly aggressive malignant tumor, arising from the peripheral nerves and affecting mostly adults in their third to sixth decades of life.  It usually occurs in medium-sized and large nerves of the buttock, thigh, upper arm, or the paraspinal region.  It may be associated with neurofibromatosis 1 (NF1)., Neoplasms which arise from nerve sheaths formed by SCHWANN CELLS in the PERIPHERAL NERVOUS SYSTEM or by OLIGODENDROCYTES in the CENTRAL NERVOUS SYSTEM. Malignant peripheral nerve sheath tumors, NEUROFIBROMA, and NEURILEMMOMA are relatively common tumors in this category.	一种罕见的高度侵袭性恶性肿瘤，由外周神经引起，在第三至第六年的生命中影响大多数成年人。它通常发生在中型和大型的神经，臀部、大腿、上臂、或椎旁区域。这可能与神经纤维瘤病1型（NF1）相关，肿瘤起源于神经鞘由雪旺细胞在周围神经系统或少突胶质细胞在中枢神经系统。恶性外周神经鞘瘤、神经纤维瘤和神经鞘瘤，较常见的肿瘤，这类。
C0206729	Neurofibrosarcoma	EFO_0000760	An uncommon, highly aggressive malignant tumor, arising from the peripheral nerves and affecting mostly adults in their third to sixth decades of life.  It usually occurs in medium-sized and large nerves of the buttock, thigh, upper arm, or the paraspinal region.  It may be associated with neurofibromatosis 1 (NF1)., Neoplasms which arise from nerve sheaths formed by SCHWANN CELLS in the PERIPHERAL NERVOUS SYSTEM or by OLIGODENDROCYTES in the CENTRAL NERVOUS SYSTEM. Malignant peripheral nerve sheath tumors, NEUROFIBROMA, and NEURILEMMOMA are relatively common tumors in this category.	一种罕见的高度侵袭性恶性肿瘤，由外周神经引起，在第三至第六年的生命中影响大多数成年人。它通常发生在中型和大型的神经，臀部、大腿、上臂、或椎旁区域。这可能与神经纤维瘤病1型（NF1）相关，肿瘤起源于神经鞘由雪旺细胞在周围神经系统或少突胶质细胞在中枢神经系统。恶性外周神经鞘瘤、神经纤维瘤和神经鞘瘤，较常见的肿瘤，这类。
C0751691	Perineurioma	EFO_0000194	An uncommon, highly aggressive malignant tumor, arising from the peripheral nerves and affecting mostly adults in their third to sixth decades of life.  It usually occurs in medium-sized and large nerves of the buttock, thigh, upper arm, or the paraspinal region.  It may be associated with neurofibromatosis 1 (NF1)., Neoplasms which arise from nerve sheaths formed by SCHWANN CELLS in the PERIPHERAL NERVOUS SYSTEM or by OLIGODENDROCYTES in the CENTRAL NERVOUS SYSTEM. Malignant peripheral nerve sheath tumors, NEUROFIBROMA, and NEURILEMMOMA are relatively common tumors in this category.	一种罕见的高度侵袭性恶性肿瘤，由外周神经引起，在第三至第六年的生命中影响大多数成年人。它通常发生在中型和大型的神经，臀部、大腿、上臂、或椎旁区域。这可能与神经纤维瘤病1型（NF1）相关，肿瘤起源于神经鞘由雪旺细胞在周围神经系统或少突胶质细胞在中枢神经系统。恶性外周神经鞘瘤、神经纤维瘤和神经鞘瘤，较常见的肿瘤，这类。
C0206730	Neurothekeoma	EFO_1000394	A benign neoplasm arising from nerve sheaths. It is characterized by the presence of a myxoid stroma.	由神经鞘引起的良性肿瘤。它的特点是由黏液质的存在。
C0751691	Perineurioma	EFO_0000760	An uncommon, highly aggressive malignant tumor, arising from the peripheral nerves and affecting mostly adults in their third to sixth decades of life.  It usually occurs in medium-sized and large nerves of the buttock, thigh, upper arm, or the paraspinal region.  It may be associated with neurofibromatosis 1 (NF1)., Neoplasms which arise from nerve sheaths formed by SCHWANN CELLS in the PERIPHERAL NERVOUS SYSTEM or by OLIGODENDROCYTES in the CENTRAL NERVOUS SYSTEM. Malignant peripheral nerve sheath tumors, NEUROFIBROMA, and NEURILEMMOMA are relatively common tumors in this category.	一种罕见的高度侵袭性恶性肿瘤，由外周神经引起，在第三至第六年的生命中影响大多数成年人。它通常发生在中型和大型的神经，臀部、大腿、上臂、或椎旁区域。这可能与神经纤维瘤病1型（NF1）相关，肿瘤起源于神经鞘由雪旺细胞在周围神经系统或少突胶质细胞在中枢神经系统。恶性外周神经鞘瘤、神经纤维瘤和神经鞘瘤，较常见的肿瘤，这类。
C0206731	Angiofibroma	EFO_1001761	A benign neoplasm of fibrous tissue in which there are numerous small and large, frequently dilated, vascular channels. (Stedman, 25th ed)	纤维组织良性肿瘤，有许多小而大、常扩张的血管通道。（Stedman，第二十五版）
C0221773	Hyperamylasemia	EFO_1000969	A condition with abnormally elevated level of AMYLASES in the serum. Hyperamylasemia due to PANCREATITIS or other causes may be differentiated by identifying the amylase isoenzymes.	一个异常升高的血清淀粉酶的条件。由于胰腺炎或其他原因引起的高淀粉酶血症可能通过识别淀粉酶同工酶分化。
C0235280	Ototoxicity	EFO_0006951	damage to the ear, specifically the cochlea or auditory nerve as a result of some toxic stimulus, eg from a drug. Ototoxicity can result in hearing loss.	由于某种有毒刺激而对耳朵，特别是耳蜗或听觉神经造成的损害（如从药物引起）。中毒可导致听力丧失。
C0263454	Chloracne	EFO_1001777	ACNE-like skin eruptions caused by exposure to CHLORINE-containing compounds. Exposure can be by inhalation, ingestion, or through the skin. Chloracne is often seen in people who have occupational contact with chlorinated pesticides, wood preservatives, and sealants.	接触含氯化合物引起的痤疮样皮疹。暴露可以通过吸入，摄入，或通过皮肤。痤疮是经常有人看到职业接触有机氯农药，木材防腐剂，和密封剂。
C0221269	Pseudolymphoma	EFO_1001831	A group of disorders having a benign course but exhibiting clinical and histological features suggestive of malignant lymphoma. Pseudolymphoma is characterized by a benign infiltration of lymphoid cells or histiocytes which microscopically resembles a malignant lymphoma. (From Dorland, 28th ed &amp; Stedman, 26th ed)	有良性病程但表现为恶性淋巴瘤的临床和组织学特征的一组疾病。假性淋巴瘤是由淋巴细胞或显微镜类似恶性淋巴瘤细胞良性浸润。（Dorland，第二十八版&amp；Stedman，第二十六版）
C0265706	Gastroschisis	EFO_1000949	A congenital defect with major fissure in the ABDOMINAL WALL lateral to, but not at, the UMBILICUS. This results in the extrusion of VISCERA. Unlike OMPHALOCELE, herniated structures in gastroschisis are not covered by a sac or PERITONEUM.	先天性缺损，腹壁外侧有大裂，但不在脐处。这就导致了内脏的挤压。与OMPHALOCELE不同，突出结构的腹未覆盖的囊和腹膜。
C0268419	Acatalasia	EFO_0004144	Acatalasia is an autosomal recessive peroxisomal disorder caused by a complete lack of catalase. The disorder is relatively benign, although it causes an increased incidence of periodontal infections, and can under rare circumstances lead to gangrene.	过氧化氢酶缺乏症是一种常染色体隐性遗传的过氧化物酶体障碍完全缺乏过氧化氢酶引起的。这种疾病是相当良性的，虽然它会导致牙周感染的发病率增加，并且在罕见的情况下会导致坏疽。
C0752048	Hypocatalasemia	EFO_0004144	Acatalasia is an autosomal recessive peroxisomal disorder caused by a complete lack of catalase. The disorder is relatively benign, although it causes an increased incidence of periodontal infections, and can under rare circumstances lead to gangrene.	过氧化氢酶缺乏症是一种常染色体隐性遗传的过氧化物酶体障碍完全缺乏过氧化氢酶引起的。这种疾病是相当良性的，虽然它会导致牙周感染的发病率增加，并且在罕见的情况下会导致坏疽。
C3887678	CPNET	EFO_0006544	The most common morphologic subtype of urinary bladder carcinoma (over 90% of cases). It arises from the transitional epithelium. It most often affects males in their sixth and seventh decades of life. Hematuria is the most common symptom at presentation. Pathologic stage is the strongest predictor of survival.	膀胱癌最常见的形态学亚型（90%以上）。它来自于过渡上皮。它最常见的影响男性在他们的第六和第七年的生活。血尿是最常见的症状。病理期是生存的最强预测因子。
C0282548	Leukostasis	EFO_1001016	Abnormal intravascular leukocyte aggregation and clumping often seen in leukemia patients. The brain and lungs are the two most commonly affected organs. This acute syndrome requires aggressive cytoreductive modalities including chemotherapy and/or leukophoresis. It is differentiated from LEUKEMIC INFILTRATION which is a neoplastic process where leukemic cells invade organs.	异常血管内白细胞聚集和聚集在白血病患者中常见。脑和肺是两种最常见的器官。This acute syndrome requires aggressive cytoreductive modalities including chemotherapy and/or leukophoresis. 它与白血病细胞浸润器官的肿瘤过程有区别。
C0302314	Xanthoma	EFO_0003075	A non-neoplastic disorder characterized by a localized collection of histiocytes containing lipid. Xanthomas usually occur in the skin and subcutaneous tissues, but occasionally they may involve the deep soft tissues.	非肿瘤性疾病的特点是局限性组织细胞含脂。黄色瘤通常发生在皮肤及皮下组织，但偶尔也可累及深部软组织。
C0333641	Atrophic	EFO_1000096	Any weakening or degeneration, especially through lack of use.	任何削弱或退化，尤指由于缺乏使用。
C0846967	Acanthoma	EFO_1001107	A neoplasm composed of squamous or epidermal cells.	由鳞状细胞或表皮细胞组成的肿瘤。
C0334489	Pancreatoblastoma	EFO_1000446	A rare malignant epithelial neoplasm arising from the pancreas. The vast majority of cases occur during childhood. It is characterized by acinar differentiation, the formation of squamoid corpuscles, and the formation of stromal bands. Patients may present with an abdominal mass. Symptoms include pain, weight loss, and diarrhea. It may metastasize to lymph nodes, liver, and distant anatomic sites. Children who do not have metastatic disease at the time of diagnosis usually have a favorable clinical outcome when treated with a combination of surgery and chemotherapy. However, children with metastatic disease at presentation or adult patients usually have a poor prognosis.	一种罕见的胰腺恶性上皮肿瘤。绝大多数病例发生在儿童时期。它的特点是腺泡分化的鳞状小体的形成，与基质带形成。病人可能有腹部肿块。症状包括疼痛、体重减轻和腹泻。它可能会转移到淋巴结、肝、和遥远的解剖部位。儿童在诊断时没有转移性疾病，通常在手术和化疗联合治疗时有良好的临床效果。然而，转移性疾病的儿童在演示或成年患者通常预后不良。
C0334565	Adenoameloblastoma	EFO_1000072	A benign, slow growing neoplasm arising from tooth-forming tissues. The vast majority of cases are intraosseous and most often grow in the maxilla. It is characterized by the presence of odontogenic epithelium which is embedded in a connective tissue stroma. Local excision is curative and recurrences are very rare.	由牙齿形成组织产生的良性的、缓慢生长的肿瘤。绝大多数情况下是骨内最常在上颌骨发育。其特征是牙源性上皮存在于结缔组织间质中。局部切除是治愈的，复发非常罕见。
C0376286	Avitaminosis	EFO_0005878	A disorder that is caused by the deficiency of a vitamin. The deficiency may result from either suboptimal vitamin intake or conditions that prevent the vitamin's use or absorption in the body. Representative examples include beriberi caused by thiamine deficiency, scurvy caused by vitamin C deficiency, and rickets caused by vitamin D deficiency.	由于缺乏维生素而引起的紊乱。这种不足可能是由于维生素摄入不足或是维生素缺乏或身体吸收的情况造成的。典型的例子包括硫胺素缺乏引起的脚气病、坏血病维生素C缺乏引起的，与维生素D缺乏引起的佝偻病。
C0376620	Pouchitis	EFO_0003921	Acute INFLAMMATION in the INTESTINAL MUCOSA of the continent ileal reservoir (or pouch) in patients who have undergone ILEOSTOMY and restorative proctocolectomy (PROCTOCOLECTOMY, RESTORATIVE).	在大陆回肠肠黏膜的急性炎症（或袋）的患者经历了恢复直肠（结肠直肠切除，回肠造口术和恢复）。
C0392525	Nephrolithiasis	EFO_0004253	Formation of stones in the KIDNEY.	肾结石形成。
C0392707	Atopy	EFO_0002686	A genetic predisposition to form IgE antibodies in response to exposure to allergens and therefore, for the development of immediate (type I) hypersensitivity and atopic conditions, such as allergic rhinitis; bronchial asthma, atopic dermatitis, and food allergy. Mutations of specific alleles on the long arm of chromosome 5 have been associated with higher levels of IL-4 and IgE and are known as IL-4 promoter polymorphisms., Atopy is an exaggerated IgE-mediated immune response; all atopic disorders are type I hypersensitivity disorders. Not all allergic diseases are atopic.Source: Merck Manual	一种遗传易感性，以形成IgE抗体，以应对过敏原，因此，立即（I型）过敏和过敏性疾病，如过敏性鼻炎，支气管哮喘，特应性皮炎和食物过敏的发展。特异性等位基因5号染色体的长臂上的基因突变已具有较高水平的IL-4和IgE与IL-4启动子多态性是众所周知的，Atopy是一个夸张的IgE介导的免疫反应；都是I型过敏性疾病过敏性疾病。并非所有过敏性疾病都是特应性的。
C0395887	Tympanosclerosis	EFO_1001812	The formation of dense connective tissue in the TYMPANIC MEMBRANE that does not necessarily cause or lead to loss of hearing.	鼓膜形成致密的结缔组织，不一定引起或导致听力丧失。
C0403824	Teratozoospermia	EFO_0002625	presence of structurally anomalous spermatozoa in the semen; malformations include the physical bending of the sperm to produce kinks or bends	精液中结构异常的精子的存在；畸形包括精子产生弯曲或弯曲的物理弯曲。
C0684328	Reasoning	EFO_0004350	Thinking that is coherent and logical, using knowledge to evaluate the truth value of a proposition.	思维是连贯的、合乎逻辑的，用知识来评价命题的真值。
C0442874	Neuropathy	EFO_0004149	A nervous system disease that is located in the nervous system.	位于神经系统的神经系统疾病。
C0497327	Dementia	EFO_0003862	An acquired organic mental disorder with loss of intellectual abilities of sufficient severity to interfere with social or occupational functioning. The dysfunction is multifaceted and involves memory, behavior, personality, judgment, attention, spatial relations, language, abstract thought, and other executive functions. The intellectual decline is usually progressive, and initially spares the level of consciousness.	一种获得性有机精神障碍，智力不足，严重妨碍社会或职业功能。功能障碍是多方面的，涉及记忆、行为、个性、判断、注意力、空间关系、语言、抽象思维和其他执行功能。智力衰退通常是渐进的，最初是放弃意识水平的。
C0701818	Choledocholithiasis	EFO_1000865	Presence or formation of GALLSTONES in the COMMON BILE DUCT.	胆总管结石的存在或形成。
C0848558	Hypospadias	EFO_0004209	A birth defect due to malformation of the URETHRA in which the urethral opening is below its normal location. In the male, the malformed urethra generally opens on the ventral surface of the PENIS or on the PERINEUM. In the female, the malformed urethral opening is in the VAGINA.	出生缺陷是由于畸形的 尿道，尿道口 低于其正常位置。在男性的尿道畸形一般在打开的 阴茎 腹侧表面上的 会阴。在女性，畸形尿道开口于阴道 。
C0854467	Myelosuppression	EFO_0007053	Myelosuppression or bone marrow suppression is a condition in which bone marrow activity is decreased, resulting in fewer red blood cells, white blood cells, and platelets. Myelosuppression is a side effect of some cancer treatments. When myelosuppression is severe, it is called myeloablation.	骨髓抑制，骨髓抑制是一种骨髓活性降低，导致红血细胞、白血细胞和血小板。骨髓抑制是某些癌症治疗的副作用。当骨髓抑制严重，它被称为清髓。
C0876994	Cardiotoxicity	EFO_1001482	Toxicity that impairs or damages the heart. This condition is often caused by the administration of a pharmaceutical agent that initiates a poisonous or toxic response in cardiac tissue.	损害或损害心脏的毒性。这种情况通常是由于在心脏组织中引发有毒或有毒反应的药剂引起的。
C0877445	Candidemia	EFO_1001282	A form of invasive candidiasis where species of CANDIDA are present in the blood.	白色念珠菌存在于血液中的一种侵袭性念珠菌病。
C0878486	Arteriolosclerosis	EFO_1000819	Thickening of the walls of small ARTERIES or ARTERIOLES due to cell proliferation or HYALINE deposition.	由于细胞增生或透明沉积而导致小动脉或小动脉壁增厚。
C0872084	Sarcopenia	EFO_1000653	Progressive decline in muscle mass due to aging which results in decreased functional capacity of muscles.	肌肉老化导致肌肉功能下降，导致肌肉功能下降。
C0936282	Blastoma	EFO_0005785	A malignant neoplasm composed of undifferentiated cells.	由未分化细胞组成的恶性肿瘤。
C0917799	Hypersomnia	EFO_0005246	a large group of disorders characterized by excessive daytime sleepiness	日间嗜睡过度的一大类疾病
C0917801	Sleeplessness	EFO_0004698	Disorders characterized by impairment of the ability to initiate or maintain sleep. This may occur as a primary disorder or in association with another medical or psychiatric condition	以启动或维持睡眠能力受损为特征的疾病。这可能是一种原发性疾病或与另一种疾病或精神疾病有关。
C0947622	Cholecystolithiasis	EFO_1000864	Presence or formation of GALLSTONES in the GALLBLADDER.	胆囊结石的存在或形成。
C0917890	Pineocytoma	EFO_1000476	A WHO grade I slow growing tumor, more frequently affecting young adults. It is composed of small, uniform, mature cells resembling pineocytes with occasional large pineocytomatous rosettes. It may show a wide range of divergent phenotypes, including neuronal, glial, melanocytic, photoreceptor and mesenchymal differentiation. Pineocytoma generally has a relatively favorable prognosis. (Adapted from WHO)	世卫组织I级缓慢生长肿瘤，更经常影响年轻人。它是由小的、统一的、成熟的细胞类似Pineocytes偶尔大pineocytomatous的花环。它可能会显示各种不同的表型，包括神经元、胶质细胞、黑色素细胞、感光细胞和间充质分化。松果体细胞瘤一般预后相对良好。（改编自世卫组织）
C0948201	Alloimmunisation	EFO_0006804	An immune response to foreign (donor) antigens.	对外来（供体）抗原的免疫应答。
C1266175	Parachordoma	EFO_1000452	A rare, usually benign myoepithelial tumor characterized by the presence of epithelioid, often vacuolated neoplastic cells. Most patients present with painless swelling in the subcutaneous or subfascial soft tissues of the extremities.	一种罕见的，通常为良性肌上皮肿瘤由上皮样肿瘤细胞的存在，常有空泡状。Most patients present with painless swelling in the subcutaneous or subfascial soft tissues of the extremities.
C1261287	Stenosis	EFO_0006818	abnormal narrowing in a blood vessel or other tubular organ or structure	血管或其他管状器官或结构的异常狭窄
C1368683	Epithelioma	EFO_0006858	benign or malignant neoplasm that arises from and is composed of epithelial cells. This category include adenomas, papillomas, and carcinomas	由上皮细胞产生的由上皮细胞组成的良性或恶性肿瘤。这一类包括腺瘤、乳头状瘤和癌，
C2717981	Poroma	EFO_1001826	A benign adnexal neoplasm composed of EPITHELIAL CELLS. They typically manifest as solitary papules and occur only in the skin.	由上皮细胞组成的良性附件肿瘤。它们通常表现为孤立性丘疹，仅发生在皮肤上。
C2004491	Cicatrix	EFO_0006346	Group of severe, sometimes life-threatening skin reactions that are often drug-induced. Severe cutaneous adverse reactions (SCARs) include: Erythema multiforme, Stevens-Johnson syndrome, toxic epidermal necrolysis, drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms, and acute generalized exanthematous pustulosis.	严重的，有时是危及生命的皮肤反应，通常是药物引起的。严重的皮肤不良反应（疤痕）包括：多形性红斑、Stevens Johnson综合征、中毒性表皮坏死松解症，嗜酸性粒细胞浸润和全身症状的药物反应，急性泛发性发疹性脓疱病。
C2936258	Peri-Implantitis	EFO_1001390	An inflammatory process with loss of supporting bone in the tissues surrounding functioning DENTAL IMPLANTS.	功能性种植体周围组织丧失支持骨的炎症过程。
C2986550	Pituicytoma	EFO_1000477	An extremely rare, WHO grade I, circumscribed and slow-growing tumor that arises from the neurohypophysis or infundibulum and described in adults. It is characterized by the presence of elongated, spindle-shaped neoplastic glial cells that form storiform patterns or interlacing fascicular arrangements. Signs and symptoms include visual disturbances, headache, amenorrhea, and decreased libido.	一种极为罕见的，WHO I级，限制和生长缓慢的肿瘤，是由神经垂体或漏斗和描述成人。它的特点是存在的细长梭形肿瘤神经胶质细胞形成席纹状图案或交织束状排列。症状和体征包括视力障碍、头痛、闭经和性欲减退。
C3714514	Infection	EFO_0000544	The state of being infected such as from the introduction of a foreign agent such as serum, vaccine, antigenic substance or organism.	被感染的状态，如通过引入外来试剂，如血清、疫苗、抗原物质或有机体。
C2711227	Steatohepatitis	EFO_1001249	A common, often “silent” liver disease. It resembles alcoholic liver disease, but occurs in people who drink little or no alcohol. The major feature in NASH is fat in the liver, along with inflammation and damage.	常见的、通常是无声的肝病。它类似酒精性肝病，但发生在很少喝酒或不喝酒的人身上。纳什的主要特征是肝脏脂肪，伴随炎症和损伤。
C4054534	Meningioangiomatosis	EFO_1000371	A rare vascular malformation in the cerebral cortex and overlying leptomeninges. It can occur sporadically or in association with neurofibromatosis type 2.	在大脑皮层的一种罕见的血管畸形和上覆软脑膜。它可以偶尔发生或与2型神经纤维瘤病相关。
